Betty's number is not available. Amanda can't find it. Larry called her last time they were at the park together. Hannah would rather Amanda texted Larry.
Eric and Rob are watching a stand-up of Russian comedian, MACHINE.
Lenny will buy the first pair of purple trousers and the third pair of black trousers.
Emma will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Ollie and Jane are going to a party on Friday. Jane lost her calendar. Ollie will bring the pastries. Jane will bring the pastries. Ollie will bring tea.
Hilary, Benjamin, Elliot and Daniel are going to meet at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm and have lunch with French people. Hilary will take the keys and take a nap.
Payton likes shopping. She usually buys from 2 or 3 of the sites she likes. She likes browsing, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks. She also likes reading.
Rita is tired at work. She's falling asleep at work. Tina is nodding off at her keyboard. Rita is not cut for this level of boredom.
Beatrice is in town. Leo doesn't want a scarf. Beatrice is in town. Leo will get one.
Eric is coming to his brother's wedding. He has a lot to do at home. He will take care of his parents.
Wanda and Gina are going to a party on Friday. Gina will take her father's car and go do groceries.
Martin won two cinema tickets. He will write a short review of the new film with Redford.
Charlee is in class preparing a performance in Portuguese. She's preparing a polish one translated into portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car.
Luke is looking for someone to join the Netflix family. Paul will send Luke the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girl. Luke has been on holidays for less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours. Betsy can't pick up Johnny. Greg will talk to her later.
Ethan, Toby, Marshall and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor is very busy at work. He will start working in two weeks.
Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix. She's also watching Dear White People. Clara is watching the rest of a movie and will try Dear White People.
Mike took his car into garage today. Someone crashed into a red honda looking just like Mike's.
Beth's mum is coming back from Uni in 6 weeks. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls to try the beauty therapy side. Beth will meet Maxine tomorrow and they will try it out.
Gloria is preparing for the exam. Emma is going to read the texts from the website.
Karen and Adam talked to May yesterday. May is depressed. She doesn't want to see a specialist. Adam suggested a psychologist. Karen has a friend who's a psychologist. Adam will call her.
Anne and Jane are shocked that Mark told them he's 30.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Heather, Walker and Heather are going to buy him a present. Walker and Heather will ask him twice if he's drunk.
Ollie and Kelly are going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number of the person Myah is trying to contact.
Bella and Eric were in boss's room today. He was surprised by his reaction.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. She will take a nap. She will arrive to NY around 4.15. Ben will wake her up.
Jesse, Melvin and Maxine are going to buy Christmas presents for the less fortunate. They will choose the 3rd list and chip in for the money.
Carter will lend Mary a box. Carter will be at the train station in an hour.
Paula explains to Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily' in the language of ZA.
Jack and May will have a drink later today.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her painkiller.
Serge will pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He will let Andrei know if it works out. Serge is getting of the metro now.
Janice's son has been asking her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina doesn't want to do it.
Daniel, Mary, Lucas and Daniel are playing DA II. Daniel is trying to get used to the mechanics. Mary loves it. Lucas played DA II. Daniel is trying to get used to the mechanics.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her. Bruce is sweet.
Chloe is on tv. James has found it. Chloe looks drop dead gorgeous.
Tina and Ala are in the Emirate. They had a talkative pilot. Ala is on his way to a meeting.
Sebastian and Kevin have been living in the same place for a year. Sebastian has learned a lot. Kevin wants to win the lottery.
Son will try to come home this weekend. His mother and father miss him.
Ola is in Cuba. Momo is recovering from her injury and she's not wearing her scarf. Ola will buy her a new one.
Ann doesn't have John's number. Mike should ask Mary.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of a baby cow. Ella and Joseph are excited.
Josh is looking for Stephen's notebook. Stephen hasn't found it. Jack will bring it tomorow.
Adele got a new dog. She named him Bones.
Tabora and Kristian are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's place. She will come round at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy because she's working. She's tired because she's not sleeping. She's not sure if she can move. She's not sure if she can move.
Nick wants to meet Jane for a drink. Jane is a bit below the belt. Nick will take her back.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. He told Nate and Julia that Tim is gay.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order something for her.
Celine is at home. Cara will drop by in the evening.
Craig needs help with his computer. Derek will help him in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app.
Paul will get red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. Mary will pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will pick up the cake and the balloons for Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Gary will pay for the cake. Lara will pick up the balloons and the cake.
Paul is almost there. Laura is waiting for him. Paul is close to the Mac. Laura is waiting for him. Paul wrote to Laura 30 minutes ago.
Salma shares a video with Hugh and Salma about the latest cat meme.
The results should be announced soon. Peter didn't get into Stanford. Peter will look for other university.
Jake and Nadia are not having english today. Smith called in sick.
Brandon lost his credit card. Ian will lend him $ 100.
Inez, Patrycja and Gosia are planning to go to a restaurant on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine will visit grandma tomorrow.
Joyce sends Michael and Edson a link to a cheap ticket. Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at 4:30. Steven used to make it in 2. The road is new.
Suzanne is working a lot at work. Morgan is working a lot at work. She will go to Maroon 5's concert next week.
Liam has sent Julia a link to Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will check for it. Ali will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an italian restaurant tommorow.
Natalie, Martin, Martin, Margot, Adam, Anna and Mia are going to celebrate Anna's birthday on 6th November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going to have a girls night out after work. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden is a woman who is pregnant. He wants to have a child. Brennan is not interested in having children. Jayden is a store employee. He helped a pregnant woman to take some money from the floor.
USA won last night. Croatia will play tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela forgot her walle. John messaged her to keep it free.
Mary is doing an online job. She is trying to get to the people she is working for. Mark is sorry for that. Mary is not happy with her.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. Tina will help her prepare a tart. Fiona bought the crust and she finished with lemony scrambled eggs.
Clare and Helen are going to Jesus bar for a drink. Oli cycled around the bar but couldn't find anyone. Helen and Helen will join them.
Ryan and Sebastian are upset about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow at 2 pm.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. Harry will listen to it again tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside. Ray has to go out. Max is going to ask his roommates to open it.
Harry will buy a new sofa for Kim's mom.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi, Sony and Samsung. Josh will call Brian after work to buy an iPad.
Nathalie and Zoe are going to Soho for New Year's Eve. Olafur is going to buy tickets for Breakfast at Tiffany's party. Nathalie is going to Soho.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He will study for the quiz tomorrow.
Kim will cook a surprise ramal fish for Margot.
Ben and Tom are going to meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will be there.
Ashleigh got a job at the cinema. Peter and Ashleigh are going to the cinema.
Reed had a boring Saturday. Danna called 5-8 of his friends and they are busy. Danna is angry because she called 5-8 of her friends and they are busy. Reed is in bed. He will not work tomorrow.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She's having problems finding research materials. She's not sure if she should write.
Maddie is in Asda. John will buy white bread and some apples for the Gala.
Jordan is going to a funeral tonight. Brad had a liver cancer. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th because she's too busy. Gina will buy her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store and wants to buy some food for Ann and Rob.
Melany hasn't been laid for a long time.
Eric shares a video with Samantha and Noah. Noah is talking about the recent scandal on the news. Samantha doesn't need to open the video.
David and Jacky are going to talk later.
Rick and Chris are going to skype tomorrow at 3 pm. Chris will talk to Helen.
Ying's 10 years challenge everyone.
Daniel and Missy will have Drinks after dinner.
Adelle didn't clean the hamster cage. Pete will clean it after school.
Randolph will buy Maya 4 or 5 pairs of earplugs.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will buy his dad an ipad. He will order it online and have it shipped home.
Isabella and Betty had a nice conversation yesterday. They will do something together.
Amy is working now.
Alex will join Huda and Alex for swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Linda, Arlene, Leslie, Eric, Leslie, Sue, Eric, Sue, Sue, Sue, Sue, and Leslie are upset about Donald Trump missing the ceremony.
Rashi is confused about his career. He was discussing with his friends about the career options. He has many interests. He has a passion for what he does. He has a lot of options. He will choose a career which interests him.
Corbin wants to report school violence in his school. The student who was hit by the school's students is his friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Joel doesn't know the best technician that fixes PC's. Pablo is back at the office. Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
Ann's dad is turning 50. Ann is planning a surprise party for his birthday. Ann's dad hates heights. Ann and Fiona will go to a military party. Ann is out of ideas for a birthday party.
Fatima and Jenson are going to meet for a drink. Alene is having problems with depression.
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob will help her.
luke, martial and Jose are going to meet at Carrington and go to the coach's office to let him know that they are ready to play tomorrow.
Emily sends Julie a lot of kisses.
Ricky's new neighbors are noisy.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now. Sandra lives in Kings Norton. She has 4 grandchildren. She has one. She and Bill used to go to Wigan on weekends. They had a great time together. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday at 11.
John and Joan will go to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday at 8 pm.
George is trying to catch Donna. She is trying to catch him. They will meet in a coffee shop tonight.
Louis is going to meet Fabian. Fabian's mom is calling him.
Crystal is going shopping with her little boy. Irene will take him.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will ask Maria if she's coming. Maria was interested.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool. They had to undress.
Lia and Mico are too tired to go to the village party. Jeff will go with them. Lia will join. Jeff will drive.
Matthew will couch the game on Saturday. Paul will do it.
Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Jacob is at work till 5. Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting. Ryan will join him.
Joanne is going back home for the holidays. She will stay at home and rest. Her parents separated a few months ago. Joanne's dad left his mum for his secretary. Joanne will bring her mum to France.
Raul had a bad night yesterday evening. He had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie has a stomach pain. She has to take some pills to no avail. She will see her doctor in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen are going to have a lunch at a pasta joint next to their apartement. Karen is ok with sushi, but Ronnie is not. Amanda is not.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school tomorrow morning. Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will take him to the doctor. Christine will take Marcel to the doctor. Christine will call the school.
Peyton wants Cameron to bring the video game for her. Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. Peyton will deliver it through the courier.
Alicja's job interview is tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare food for Emma.
Sean overslept again.
Chris and Tom will go to a jacuzzi in their garden. They will bring swimming trunks. They will bring a tv outside. Chris has a tv outside. Tom will get 6GB on his phone when he gets outside Ireland.
Harry needs to talk to Ela. Cindy will call her.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He will come back in the afternoon.
Gaia is at the university. She will have 6 exams this term.
Ms. Blair and Mr. Williams will meet for a coffee at 2 p.m. at the coffee place near the square in a side alley.
Jeff's skin condition is fine. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same condition and takes meds daily. She can call Jeff if she has any questions.
Kristina is watching Girls. Jannette is not home yet. Estefania is watching the new season of Girls. Jannette just got home. Jannette has just run home.
Daniel is flying to Bologna this fall. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone will come in December for a weekend.
Mike will call Dale in 2 hours.
Gemma is organising a bbq at the weekend. Timmy is having a bad day at work. Gemma will cover food.
Pat will come to Bart's place tomorrow morning at 9 pm. Pat has a delay in her work. Bart will open the door for her. Pat will be a painter.
Ashley is at the camp. She will meet Erin at the pool or restaurant today. The wifi is decent. Ashley is sitting in the back.
Maria, Kate, Sam, Tommy and Sam are preparing a power point and preparing a prezi. Tommy is paying $10 a month for academics.
Jeanice and Marcus had a problem at school. Marcus was aggressive and aggressive. Jeanice and Marcus have been arguing recently. Jeanice will let Maxwell know if she can talk to Marcus about it.
Mike, Tom, Ben and Ben are going for a beer.
Leah met the creepiest guy on the earth last night. He was introducing himself, introduced himself and they started talking. Leah was asked about an event she had attended and he wentogled her. Samantha is not that stupid to tell him about it.
Nicky is at Dave's place. Her phone is off.
Ken wants his money back. Greg is a pimp.
Tom will be in a taxi. Alexander sent him a message when he will be in the taxi.
There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon in the hall. The university organised a carnival party for children.
Ian left his green folder on the dining room table. Sophie will ask Alex if she left it there.
Simon will be free at 5.
Jen is angry at her boyfriend. She wants him to leave. She's afraid of asking him to leave.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. She will get something for Dean on his way home.
Gab and Kat will meet for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment. Gab will meet her in real life.
Agatha is preparing her presentation for Economics.
Imagine Dragons are coming to Sally and Tim on 12 July. They will go to ABC Theatre. Tim will buy the tickets.
Bez's car has been checked. It passed the general inspection in June. Bez is back home on the 21st in the evening. The plants in the basement are watered once a week.
Keith is going to visit Laura's parents next Saturday. Laura is busy with a project. Keith will cook lasagne.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. She needs to work as many shifts as possible. Miriam invited a few people over to have a cup of tea.
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday. Pam needs to buy balloons. Robert will text Pam the address.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does some charity work every year.
Max is going to listen to his latest project when he gets home. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Shannon has not heard the new 30 seconds to mars album. Kane recommends her to check it out.
Andy will meet Paul in about 1 hour. Andy has too much politics with Hannah's father.
Caroline is tugging on her testicles again.
Josh sent Ron an email that he wants to have.
Phoebe used her mother's perfume and broke it.
Eve and Rob are meeting tomorrow. They will go to the stores on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do.
Betty is going to meet Sandra at 6 to take care of her animals.
Anna and Peter are playing a game. Peter has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers and 6 jackets. Anna has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers and 6 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis but it's not working anymore. He's swollen.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling by bus. Judah will call Archie on the phone if he's dead by the time he gets there.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren is going to get a tattoo. Nelly and Tessie would like to get one too. Nelly won't get one. Nelly will probably not get one.
Wendy's toilet is not draining well. David thinks it's blocked. Wendy doesn't want to call the plumber. Wendy has to get a present for her sister.
Kaylen and Rowen are driving on the left in the country.
Tom is going to Robinson Crusoe's island.
Emely needs Titus to help her with a task. She will send a photo of the task and then write her answers. Titus can't read it.
Marco will print and read Aldo's article.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months. She lives in Michigan. Harris's mom will call.
Hannah has made a New Year's resolution. She's going to lose weight and exercise everyday, and she's going to start using dating apps. Brooklyn doesn't believe in New Year's resolutions.
Trevor is having trouble breaking up with Abigail. She sneaked him into the house quietly and she delivered him to her bedroom. Trevor is planning to pull out at the last moment.
Julia likes her Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook. Gail likes her. Jessica is thinking about going on diet. She has a phase for animal shelters.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She wants to take Tom away from Nora.
Ella is coming to the catering company. Barbara and Eva have bought mom's food.
Sarah will reach New York this coming Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison has got a scholarship. Maya, Sarah and Sarah are proud of her.
Sam is at work until 5. He will not be bringing him over tonight. He will meet Abdellilah at 9.
Phil and Betty are going to the cinema tonight. They will watch a thriller and a thriller. They will meet at 6.30.
Robert is looking for a new job. Serge will send Robert his CV.
Lily spent a night with a Romanian man. He is from an extremely rich family. Lily had a lot of fun.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam will place an order at the store.
Kamden is not big on social media. He uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mckinley doesn't use Facebook for selfies.
Mike is going to the gym and home. Jason will bring his food and come over. They will play Destiny 2 on ps4.
Linda is going on a vacation. She's moving to Ohio. She's moving to a new place. Daisy will help her pack.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and then he needs to decide what studies he should choose. He's not sure if he can make good money in the future. He's thinking about working as a flight attendant.
Alan found a company for whiskey that has no sugar, no taste, and cinnamon flavoring. Robert and Alan are not happy with the whiskey.
Yaz, Mary and their old cookery teacher are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick them up at 6.
Camille is sick. Ellie and Aaliyah are having their classes at 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Nathan and Aaron are looking for Jesus.
William has been in the queue for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie has just finished Mad Men. Kelly has just finished The Crown. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Bob is watching Grimm and Sabrina. Greg is watching House of Cards. Mary enjoys Pretty Little Liars or Gossip Girl. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Sonia and Toni are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so. Toni will contact the landlady and let her know if she wants to stay there.
Malik wants to try the paleo diet. Samantha has heard of it and she's also heard about the keto diet. Malik and Samantha will try it together.
Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal. Some customers are negotiating for days, weeks and then they pull out.
Dominic and Nova are laughing at the photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been working out a lot. He's been working out a bit. He's been working out a bit. Peter holds a membership with the gym near his office. He does weights and run on the treadmill. He needs to eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. He will buy her a new one.
Don and Hank are going to the hockey game today. They will take their kids to the game.
Jessica bought a lot of stuff at the second hand shop downtown. She paid 70 euros for all of it. Frank and Frank love the black dress.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday.
Lucian and Desiree are at home. Lucian has just got a msg. He's not cooking anything.
Doug is jealous of Jeni's shoes.
Tessa is texting Jim Andrews, her boyfriend from work. He's taken. Tessa is his friend from work. Chloe is his co-worker. Tessa is his friend. They work together.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink at Pub X at 5.30 today. Kate will be closer to 6.
Jane and Ella went to La Perle and they almost killed her. She was allergic to peanuts. She asked for a cheesecake. She was allergic to crushed nuts.
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany on his way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown.
Jane is getting halloween costumes with her sister. Connor got his today. Jane is going with him to Value Village.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom, Jeffrey and Elena are few meters from Tom.
Sophia sent Mason a photo of herself. Mason will send Sophia a kiss. Sophia doesn't want to see Mason when she looks good.
Steffen is handicapped. Irene, Dan, Luke and Ben will give him a lift to the infinity pool.
Jake, Florence, Margot, Mike, Florence, Margot and others are going for the research trip. They changed the name of the country last year.
Christine has the flu. She's not going to school tomorrow. Christine has blocked nose, sore throat and a cold. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Bob called Sarah and sent her pictures. Jill is angry at him. Bob is angry at her.
Peter starts work at 8. Aggie will get a babysitter. Peter wanted a free babysitter.
Maryam is not in the area. Aimee tried to contact her but she didn't have her number.
George, Robert, Yousuf, Paul and Paul will play basketball on Friday, 7 p.m. Yousuf will come half an hour later. Paul will bring some beers.
Mitch will take Bill and Sammy for the International camp. Rory will chip in for gas. Mitch will join them on Sunday, the 29th. They will put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am Sun. Joanna will pick him up.
Angelina and Jones will meet today in the afternoon in town.
Fergie's national anthem is funny. Derek saw it last week.
Pam will ring Lauren in the morning to let her know that she has a good holiday tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once. She didn't see any ghosts. Jamie didn't go.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him.
Dan will explain everything to Angela. She will meet him at school later.
Shaldona and Piper are getting married. Shaldona sent Piper her mobile inviation for their wedding. Piper is not going to go to the wedding.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan, Zuzia and Zuzia will go to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Ema is coming to Harry in 2 minutes.
The agreement is important because it will divide the seabed up.
Joe is unhappy with his job. He's angry because he's not getting more work.
Natalie, Judy, Denise and Judy are going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend. Judy is going on Friday with Miranda and Helen. Judy is going on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo, Alex and Alex are going to make 3 presentations in groups. Alex will do it herself. Alex will do it herself.
John is at school. Theresa is at school. John is in the park.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. Louis's friend told him about a new writer who writes about vampires. Louis and Sara are not fans of his books.
Debbie is looking for a dress to wear. Kelly, Kelly, Denise and Kelly advise her to buy the green one.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia needs to buy a flight ticket. She doesn't have a credit card. Tom will send her the link.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade needs to go for a checkup too. Hugh will call ProDent and arrange for tomorrow.
Ella got a text from her mom. She won a hundred dollars in the lottery. She's going to have Christmas.
Oli was in a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob and Rob are going to meet at Jim's birthday party this weekend. Jim is going for a skiing trip with his family. Bob hasn't seen him in a while.
Debra and Julie are going to meet over the weekend. They will drink vodka.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle. He broke his leg.
David babysit Ethan's sister. He had to go through a lot. Ethan's sister was naughty. Avery has turned his phone off.
Conrad forgot his keys. Rebecca and Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night. Clara thinks it was Kasia's sleazy boyfriend. Ron doesn't know what it was.
Holly is not coming tonight because she doesn't feel well.
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur growing up was triceratops. Jacopo will tell Ludmila why later.
Josh, Sean and Logan are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place.
Claire is going to order a dress for the bride.
Victor sold off his company and accommodated Chris's company in his office. Chris was under huge debt and he is still working as Director. Victor sold off the office and accommodated Chris in his office. The market is slow.
Patricia sent Elle a file with a fair-trade brand she's been talking about. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he was in Los Angeles. He will be back after 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to Pat&Gill's today.
Miro is from Albania. He told Abby the story of his father coming from Albania to the US in the early 1990s. He told Abby that people were boarding ships to get out of Albania.
Julie is home alone and scared. Rose and Paula will come over to her house to watch a Japanese horror movie.
Lucy's daughter is 15. She's not as good as she always wanted to be. Patricia and Lucy are not as good as they always wanted to be.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Martin are going to a party on Saturday at 8. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon. Tom is out. Martin is not.
Casey, Amelia and Kristen are going to have their nails done. Casey did it herself. Kristen did it herself. Kristen did it herself.
Sharol forgot to do the sociology assignment. Kate forgot to do the assignment. She will do it tomorrow.
Jamie was at school today. Jack is sick. Helen has a perdiatrician, Tornez, who treats kids individually. She has a doctor, Torez, who treats kids. Half of the class is sick.
Tim forgot to see his mum. She's with Grace.
Caroline's first boyfriend is 26 and he's an introvert. He used to spend all the time at home with his mummy and gramma. Now he lives at home with his girlfriend. He's writing.
Vincent broke his lamp. He ordered a new one on Tuesday.
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf is not convinced by the sales pitch. Nestor will contact a guy who sells almost new computers at reasonable prices.
Phil and Phil are keen on technology. Vic prefers Facebook. Phil prefers Twitter. Phil prefers Instagram. Phil doesn't use Instagram. Phil likes to observe all the fitness accounts.
Peter, Peter, Dan and Dan are not convinced about the guy with dreads.
Sue will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay. James will transfer the money in.
Jess is in a traffic jam. She's on her way to West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken. Nada will lend it to Dima. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly and Betty went to the pub at 2 am. Kelly met more people from school. They met a guy who was with someone.
Adele will come to Anne's place for Easter. Adele will bring eggs and chocolat ones.
Peggy's computer is broken. She's going to get it repaired.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet's boss is a pain in the ass.
Mark, Anna, Julia, George and Julia are going to go on a package tour. They will choose a cheaper option from a tour operator.
Stanley is angry at his girlfriend because she accused him of having an affair. He will talk to her when she's back.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her Mom a few years back. Laura suggests calling the cafe to get the number.
Jake applied for an accounting position at Pandora. He was promoted twice during the 5 years he worked there. Jake is satisfied with the company's current situation. Jake will give Catherine a call after the interview.
Fiona needs support. Anna will go with her to a doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands but the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner now. Steve will write to the owner. Andrea will write to the owner.
Kim, Linda and Claire are having a Curry dream team dinner.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. Matt's parents take Carlos for subway and he's not fed well. Matt is going to stay at home for one more month.
Ann is hosting Tim on Monday evening and dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's son is her cousin. Katie will send her a text to her son.
Sharon's mum is angry, she's grounded, she's still a student. Ahmed will take care of her. Sharon's parents are stupid and manipulated.
Rob is looking at today's memes and they are mostly about stupid things. Tom is not happy with Rob's behaviour.
Mike will get the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She didn't close the window when she was leaving home. She didn't have to move. She was kicked out.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Jerez was too expensive. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will buy a laptop for 200 dollars. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back. Sam will join her when he gets back.
Gary is driving for Uber. He has met loads of cool people. Ellie thinks he's awkward and uncomfortable when he meets new people.
Leah is going to buy trainers. Kristi will get a 20% discount on the online shop.
Steve will call Sue when he gets the important message.
Andre read the news about the bear attack on the zoo. Megan and Andre are shocked that the bear reacted that way.
Mick has not received the confirmation from AES yet. He needs to call them.
Allison sent Alan the file with budget estimation for current year. Alan's boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate are going for a stroll. Liam will be ready in 10.
Carl will attend this year's championship. Duncan will buy a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox for him and his cousin. Carl will go to the championship with his cousin.
Terry will take Dinny's dog away before he comes.
Anastasia is taking school photos. She needs a new school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April. Agatha, Mark and Jane will come with her.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died of malaria in kongo. Darien and Darien warn that kongo is dangerous for all people not just whites.
Josh lost his sneakers. He's been to many places, swimming pool and fitness, but they said nothing was found. Josh will check the swimming pool and fitness.
Bella is in Warsaw for Valentine's Day. Aria is not with her. Bella will visit her and her boyfriend.
Sawyer, Wheeler and Yardley are going to a ball game tonight. Sutter is injured. The game is scheduled for 5.30. Wheeler is out. Yardley is out.
Daina needs to put her make up on for a casual party.
Viola is going to the wedding on Friday night. Carmen will give her a helping hand.
Madeline and Martin had an argument today. Alex will tell Madeline what happened tomorrow. They will go for a beer after.
Mom and Betty are busy. Betty will check in with Mom.
William will cook spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will make garlic golden, add wine and clams.
Maria, Sarah, Martha, Lawrence and Martha are going to the IMF lecture tomorrow. Alexander is going to meet with Sarah, Sarah and Lawrence. Lawrence will be late.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them. Anna will go with her.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby is coming to Daisy's party on Saturday. Tabby is optimistic.
Coco is sitting on Becky's lap purring. She's been there for 2 days. She's been very sweet.
Kyra's flat number is 187. Sosie will be there in 5 minutes. Kevin is waiting.
Ronnie's city has a good waste management system. It's very high. There's no more single use plastic bags in grocery stores. There's no more straws in restaurants. There's no awareness about plastic bags in the city.
Tina is still at work. Adam will call her tomorrow.
Natalie told Sally and Greg that she is pregnant.
Nick will bring Steve chicken for lunch.
Gemma and Timmy are going to Lona and Michelle's wedding. Gemma wants to come to their wedding.
Millie won't come today. Sal is sorry.
Lisa is not home yet. Daisy will be back before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. Sophie is waiting for her. Tina is already dressed.
Noah is interested in Sophie's quince. William went to collect them for him immediately. They are in a basket on their terrace. Sophie will talk to Frank and Frank and maybe to the twins. Noah's twins will come home this weekend. Noah's husband, William, is married to Alexa.
Harry is going to Ikea. Sarah will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, a medium size wardrobe organizer, a wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners. Harry will buy a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Cindy is sad because something has happened. Ellie is funny.
Jannet and Nadia just got up and are doing breakfast. Jannet and Nadia had fun yesterday. Jannet and Nadia will go to the disco next time.
Jeff is going to try out his new car. It's 100 bucks.
Sue and Julie did great. Ann and Julie are going to have a celebration tonight.
Kathy is going to get Aunt's hair cut today. Olivia is chillin today.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He will meet with Claudia and Mark.
Jane's mum is losing it. Den will invite her for tea on Friday and bring fish and chips home after work.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. Mum will show him the listing. Ludo will have room enough for Hugo and Charles. Mum has to go to the meeting.
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door. Phoebe is on her way.
Max's sister is studying in China. She speaks Chinese. She's studying in Shanghai.
Russ will take a look at the report David emailed yesterday. Russ should be done by midday with the report.
Ben and Catherine are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go because he's angry at everyone. He will visit them some other day.
Clay is the class room in Library. Kaya will be there.
Sean will have to take the car to the carwash tomorrow.
Bert is getting home at 8. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's dishwasher has turned up. Mum and Steve are happy with it.
Michelle is still researching. Harvey is waiting for her to stop texting her. Michelle is back on her computer.
Joy and Bill are going to see each other on Thursday.
Julia and Henry are looking for a table at the cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden. The place is closed. Julia and Henry went to Lilly's last week.
Olivia is going to do her accounts, get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months and do the tax filing. Jake is not a great fan of doing the taxes. Olivia has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube. She doesn't do much by way of post-production.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups. She cleaned the cupboards in the dining room and made herself a cuppa in the green one.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin this weekend. The weather forecast is great. Tom is buying the tickets.
Stella wants to visit Sandra. She wants to take her to the cinema. Sandra is getting better every day. She used to hate laying in the bed for hours. Stella will find something special for her.
Harley's wife is filing a divorce. She's taking him to the cleaners. Harley's wife never cooked, never cleaned and she still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work and fighting with Brad. Ang is trying to help him. Ken is going to see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Julius and Titus are going to meet today.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time. Dexter thinks Addisyn doesn't love him anymore.
Jason was absent today because he had a dental appointment. Susy had a dental appointment.
Don and Cindy are going to a meeting today at 2 pm in the management board's conference room. Cindy has set up a conference room in the conference room. Cindy has booked the hotel and the plane tickets. Don will pick up Cindy at the airport.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered mushroom pizza. It's legal in Laos. Jack wants to go there.
Mike and Celia are going to Croatia for Holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Jaz will pop in on Sunday to sort out Sharon's roots. Sharon will buy the right colour dye for 2.30.
Pete will be home in 20 minutes. Ann will be home for lunch.
Kas will tidy up Laura's dreads this weekend. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can do it.
Jill has done about 20 or 30 hours per day so far. She can't do more than 3-4 per day.
James and Mia are going to go to the art exhibition of Professor Evans tomorrow. Mia will go with them to the cinema and to the cinema.
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are in the print shop. Arthur and Rita didn't go on Monday. Rita will let them know if the texts are available. Rita will buy the copies for them.
Ost bought a garage place in the garage. He will rent it out and do the restitution of his money. There is a big crowd in parking. The prices for finding garage places are favorable in Belgrade. There are more and more vehicles per family in the city center. There will be no new parking space.
Hania is on the road for 3 hours. She will be there around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and Lee are having a drink tonight. Lee is not going to join them. Mazie spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Erin has just baked a delicious meal. Zachary will bring her a piece later.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the second two were not. Joseph is going to be a concierge until the day he dies. The third interview was ok, but the woman there didn't like him.
Sue will throw Graham some dates for weekends in Romford. She will let him know when Louise comes back.
John and Andrew are playing a game called "WoW". They are playing a game where players are on higher level than them. They play against each other and against each other. They play against each other in the last part.
Rael hates his job. He's looking for a new one. Zach suggests he should take an online course.
Susan went on a date with a guy she met at home. He picked her up from home all dressed up and looked like Brad Pitt. They went to rollerskating disco.
Joe and Pete are going to watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Euodia's friends were talking about tiktok. Domigo suggests taking videos and editing them with music and special effects. Euodia doesn't understand why she feels so old.
Hugh's son is lovely.
Nathalie, Pauline, Jacob, Anthony and Anthony are going to Greece for the holiday. They need to be back by 10.
Lori is in Copley. She will meet Maria in 5 minutes. There is a traffic jam.
jay is a pathological liar. He keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta found out he lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Telly, Chuck, Ally and Chuck are going to Luke's New Year's party. They are also going to Bernie's party.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. He needs to make his own. Bunny suggests drinking coffee and scrubbing his body.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester. Chris stayed home with Ann. Chris has liked it very much.
Bruce's campaign has reached 5000 dollars. Bruce has already raised 6132 bucks.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8. Kane will be ready.
Kate and Chris have a fight. Kate is angry every time she talks to Chris. Chris is an immigrant and he's watching the nationalists, Trump and all those idiots. Kate sent Chris all the data and research he needs.
Mark is skating on skates.
Sarah is going back home for Passover. Lia is not sure if she will come. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday. Sarah is going to the desert this year. Lia will talk to her mum later. Sarah is flying on the 28th.
Jack didn't get the package he sent Gene on Friday. He should have gotten it by now. Jack will send Gene the tracking.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She can't cancel tomorrow's meeting because she has to work.
Clara, Blake and Jenny are going to a place called fabro-ficule. Blake will wait for them on the platform.
Raymond wants to have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes.
Zack and Dwayne are watching the new Jersey Shore season. The cast is the original cast. The Situation was having bad legal problems. The Situation is still a good guy. The second season is almost there. Zack will start watching after the first season.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office. Chris advises him to think twice about sending a traditional letter.
Serena, Nicholas and Ella went to Cork last weekend. The club was empty.
Molly, Peter, Margaret, Kai and Peter are going to Sweden for a week in January. They are hesitating because it's January. They will visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank doesn't have plans for the weekend. He's going to see horse racing. Avril will come with him.
Adam is going to Multisports this week. Mair will bring Xand to Multisports at half 10.
Ethan is back from the gym. He's training every day. Ray and Sam will pick up the kids at 8.
Diana is going for a hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her. He hasn't danced for years. Diana sends him a form to fill in at the bottom. They will meet in a week.
Pam lost her phone. She had to log into her apple account and post someone's phone number. Dot offers her a reward and a phone number.
Rodney, Truman, Ross and Truman are waiting for the news about a student who got beaten and mugged on campus. The student is in the hospital. The security guards are not giving a fuck.
Nathan, Deborah and Lucy are packing for tomorrow. They will take the unicorn with them. Nathan will pick up the girls from school and they will go hiking. Deborah forgot to buy syrup for travel sickness. Nathan will buy it on his way home.
Casper, Igor, Alexander and Igor are going to the circus tomorrow.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlors with English speaking employees. Judie has a tattoo in Warsaw. Javier will get a tatttoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Jessica are going to the hotel on the 15th of August. They will meet at 2 p.m. at the hotel.
Marsha, John, Cynthia, Mohammad, Gavin and Mohammad are going on a trip to Madagascar. Marsha, John, Cynthia, Mohammad, Gavin and Mohammad are going to spend a week on the beach.
Cyprien is from Loughborouogh. He was born in Jarrow, live in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh. He comes from Planet Earth.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her dress. Ethel suggests she should use a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Anna and Charlie will have pizza tonight. Charlie is still upset about the things that happened.
It's cold outside. Ovi and Jason have been running around the city all day in this cold. Nadine is at her clinic.
Leticia needs 10$ from Miranda and Lora. She's lost her wallet and she's afraid she'll have to get new documents.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon. Paula will not forget it.
Ben, Steven and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's.
Terence took Daniel's money. He found it elsewhere last month.
Lucy has thrown the garbage out. Levy thought she was supposed to do that as per parents order. Lucy will have to do it now.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She will go for another class. Last week she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list.
Jason and Dory are going to create a video for the movie. Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. Jason has bought an app and Lucy has a script. They have to produce something now.
Jared and Michelle love Kelly. Jared doesn't want to ask her out.
Reeve, Winslow, Booker, Dodson and Slow are going to the seaside for winter break. They will go to Dominicana, where Dominicana is.
Alex and Zayna will meet for a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace is excited about graduating soon. She's considering taking a year off.
Monica will send Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Dixie will ask Jair to give Jason's phone number to Ty.
Amanda watched parks and rec and she's not a big fan of the woman who plays the main character. Vincent recommends her to her.
Bob bought a game and Harry is going to play it.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. Sidney didn't buy it. Randal is in the shop. The nail polish is pink.
Pat and Mike are going to meet up to play basketball.
Nate is overbooked for the first day of the party. He has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables.
Enrique shares his Fossils collection with the class. Farrah and Enrique are going to share it with their 4th grade students. Enrique will give Farrah's name and number to the teacher.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. The temperature is -3. They had a walk around the summit of Belchen on Sunday.
Trinny, Susannah, Linda and Linda are meeting at 6.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. Emma and Peter are going to Paris. They will meet at 9 am. Daniel has to get up before 7.
Breann and Dianne are getting a 10% discount on their pet shop.
Hugh and Wanda will make the base and prepare everything earlier.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco. Chloe and Chloes are hoping for Hawaii.
Jim's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to Finn tommorrow.
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious.
Tommy will borrow an Android cable from his wife Paulina. Tommy will call her in Poland.
Derek will feed Judy's animals on Friday and Saturday. He will give her his keys.
Oona and Kelsey are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona can't go because she's free on Thursday- Saturday.
Rob is going to start a 30-minute activity every day. Greg, Will and Anna are going to join him. Anna will join.
Bennett is in town. He will meet with Cynthia and they will go to a new bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Arezzo. Amanda is on the highway. Lorenzo will take the keys and they will wait for them inside. Amanda needs at least another hour. Amanda and Will are in Arezzo. Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany.
Booker and Walker will play Xbox together. Walker will bring his console.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne want to spend more time with Laura.
Keith and Adam miss the cafes by the river. They miss the cafes by the river.
Ana and Carlton are going to see a film by Lola Arias. They will meet on Saturday at 7.
John sends Henry a picture of his poop. Henry has never been constipated. John suggests to write it on his tinder profile.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. Patricia is scared of the earthquakes and tsunamis. James is not worried about them.
Linda will throw perennials on the compost heap. Mika will not be able to do any gardening before leaving.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room and was angry. He didn't say anything wrong. He didn't fail in his business. He didn't apologize.
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital. She will call Linda or ask someone at the reception to tell her what kind of package she has.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank and Charlie will go out with her tonight.
Clara will come to Bella's place at 7:30 tonight to have a drink. Bella wants to talk to Clara. Clara will bring the wine.
Jose, Amanda, Ricky and Amanda are going to Cuba for the New Year.
Rob will be home tomorrow. Susan will cook something special for him.
Dominique and Denise are going to have a test tomorrow.
Steph and Sharon are going to buy copper lamps.
Anna can't talk now, because she's at work. Peter will call her in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke his razor. Stig will borrow his razor.
Patrick is not picking up Matt's calls. Mary, Mary and Susan give him Patrick's phone number.
Sam is in hospital. Chiara's uncle Sam just came back from work. Yvonne is dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter and cook a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work. Helen has to take it because she has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. It's dying. Boston will take a photo of it.
John lost his job in Germany. He was the only one who received an offer from the IT company to be relocated back to London. He didn't accept it. He was offered a new job in Germany. He was offered a better offer from a different IT company in London. He will have to search for a new flat.
Vicky, Vicky, Audrey, Marty and kids are meeting at fratellis. They will meet in 10 minutes.
Kaylin sends Amir a photo of Cynthia. Amir is not happy with the way Cynthia looks. Kaylin set three alarms.
Lois created wildangel3 and 3. She's thinking of deleting both. Keira saw Lois' sister in town the other day. She's grounded for the month. Keira is mad at her.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER at 5:30 pm. Charles will arrive at Vesinet at 5:30. Natacha will pick him up at the RER.
Simon is at Helen's place. He will fetch her some tissues.
There's a blizzard outside. Ricky and Tom went hiking in the mountains. Tom rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy wants to go to a gig with her besties. Johny wants to date her. Maggie and her friends will come to Lucy's house at 6 pm.
Rose and Jake will buy Christmas gifts for everybody.
Jake and Martha are discussing the current debate about minimalism.
Albert has just passed the driving exam.
Ravi's mother has been having knee pain for almost 5 years. She has been taking care of it for the past 5 years. She has always maintained a healthy lifestyle. Ravi's mother has always been a strong lady. She prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Lynn is having sex with a sugar baby. She doesn't want to have sex with him. She wants to have sex with younger men.
Alice has the flu. She's home for 10 days and she's not taking any vaccine.
Marco left Millas present at Sandra's place yesterday. Sandra will bring it over.
Steve is starving. Mum will wrap something for him.
Zariah has a back pain. Dane is fine.
James is going to pick Hannah up at 8 tomorrow. Hannah has plans for tomorrow evening.
Rachel and Caron will go to Red Lion at 8 tonight.
Victor is busy this Saturday. Sara will help him with the event they're organizing.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will hit on her soon. Jerry is Wendy's lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena's new professor is not listening to her. Lena is going to give homework at the FIRST CLASS. Brian will give homework at the second class. Lena will give homework at philosophy class tomorrow.
Elvina got an invite to the local theatre. Booth was there the other day. He's not sure what to wear.
Callum is still busy.
Jacob is on his way to meet Emily. Emily is on her way. Jacob will get there in 10 minutes.
Ella met up with Chuck on Friday. Molly told Chuck no.
Rita and Sally are excited about Borns' new album. Rita and Rita are also pumped for Florence's new single.
Gloria is too poor to afford her therapy. Amanita suggests she should cook more.
Haley found a photo of Bella. She was 2 weeks old.
Jeff, Peter and Miranda are discussing the Christmas at Wall Street. Jeff is not an economist. Peter's bank is calm. Peter's bank is calm. Peter's bank is calm. Peter and Jeff are worried about the global economy.
Alexa asked Ethan to Insult her. Hunter is not happy with that. Alexa will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann is at school. Ann has extra math classes. Ann will be home at 7.
Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. Lorenna is staying at home with her for a few days.
Adam is gossiping about Iga's weekend getaway with her boyfriend.
Tim is called Thammu in his language. He is 35. He is the oldest of the group.
Pete will buy Pear yogurt. Jen will get pear yogurt.
Eve, Charlie, Nicole and Charlie are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin will bring Sophie's spirit animal tomorrow.
Daisy will send Scarlett her RGS application.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at 2. Sam will take Carla to Meanwood.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for a gift for Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a meeting. Louis is wondering what to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara doesn't have a list.
Chris tried jogging today. He was supposed to finish 50m or so but he didn't. He's taking pills that slows his heart rate. He's going to analyse his performance.
Dan and Eric are discussing the Punisher season 2. Dan thinks the first one was better but Eric thinks the second one was better. Eric thinks Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go to the mall to buy some shoes. Geri will buy some frozen yogurt.
Jacob and Alex are going to a meeting of top management in France next week.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit and carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The concert is on 8th Avenue.
John and Matt will have practice today.
George is coming to Blake.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening. Steve will tell Rob what he thinks about it.
Martin will buy milk for Alex.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her next time.
Joy sends Peter the link of her beauty shop.
Josh and Emma went to a party on New Year's Eve. They went to a lot of clubs and played board games. Emma had her beer jacket on.
Andy is working late. He will be there by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry at the man who said something about the forests. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added him on Facebook. He accepted her invitation. He has been texting her. Lydia is trying to ignore him. Camila and Lydia work in the same company. Lydia is going to talk to him.
Daria got a new job for a law firm.
Boris will give Sarah the first choice of dates for her PTO. Sarah will be able to take off on Monday through Wednesday. Boris will come to her at the earliest convenience.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work. They will have a coffee at Nonna Rita's.
Alan sent Ruth an email. Ruth never got it. Alan sent it again. Ruth didn't have trouble opening the attachment.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. Luke will send her a PDF file.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by the trump's recent interview with a congress woman.
Cole is in the room with Luis. Luis is sitting just a few inches from Cole. Cole is not going to talk to him.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Andrew Simmons is sending the list for individual meetings tomorrow. Samuel Anderson can't come to the meeting because he has a retake. Katherine Jackson won't be coming because she has a retake.
Rosie is better today, but not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting for her doctor. Adam is waiting with her.
Lisa, Mary, Sarah and Frank are going to the Aquarium. Frank will help them transport the Aquarium.
Conor is out with some friends from college. Mario will bring him a bucket of fries from kfc.
Inga has sent Ditty some mail. Andy was emptying his letter box. Ditty is still jet-lagged. Inga collected a parcel for him before Christmas. Ditty will come home around 6 pm.
Damian, Jacob, Mason and Mason are happy for Huddersfield.
Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him to the diamond concert in Kenya. Joe will be the one doing the connections.
Robyn exaggerated last night. She drank too much. She lost control.
Adam hasn't been to Egypt. Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Darcy thinks Aaron should be careful.
Gino is going to wear black trousers, black shoes and a white shirt. Renee advises him to wear blue trousers, brown shoes and a white shirt.
James is going to meet Richard at 6:15.
Caleb sent a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play. Maya looks adorable in it. Caleb sent her a photo via email.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick Michelle up at 7.
Yaz is going to meet Tania and Sophie for a pub Friday at 8.
Anna and Jerry are discussing the subject of human history.
Jacks played on the Bulls Eye poker platform several times. Jacks made a few bucks on it. Jacks sends Robin links to some good poker sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how he's been a great friend over the years. Sergio is nervous about giving a speech.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old pals. Gabriel is at home. Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel is looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky's school called to tell her she has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to her mother's house. John will let go if he doesn't finish the project on time.
Noah, Noah, Archie and Leo are going to see solstafir on 21.11. Leo will be late at work. Noah will let Leo know if he can come.
Marleen will be at Kaiser's in half an hour to buy silk kerchiefs for Rita. She will buy the most expensive one with yellow pattern. She will buy the one with yellow pattern for 39.
Johnatan, Darren, Lucas and Lucas are going to meet for a beer.
Tricia is going to have a birthday party tomorrow. Erwin will deliver the cake by bike. Tricia will take the decorations in the morning after kids go to grandma.
Laura didn't get any replies. Raf was swamped. Sarah is at Linate.
Adam is going to the exam in 10 minutes. Dave and his team are nervous.
Paul will be home later than he thought. Lena will tell him what happened.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel and Bob went to the concert last night when he was in Paris.
Bradley, Jill, Julia and Julia are watching the game at Goodison.
Ewan's uncle graduated.
Daniel is packing for the trip. Michael and Brian are going to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Brian will pack his passport.
Ross wants to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything.
Poppy and Harry prefer to go to a party. Poppy doesn't like crowds and drunk people. She prefers to travel.
Gyle had something bad yesterday. Brook wants him to come home. Gyle is on his way.
Regina and Kate had a good feedback on the presentation. 3 people came to listen to Regina's presentation.
Barbara is home already. Sean will come over to her. Zac will bring the dog.
Quinn is going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and hates exams. Kyle will ask his brother to get him some vodka and cigs. Kirsty will be at the club at 6.
Dick and Frank are going to the apt 32/3. It's the big on with the terrace, around 85 m. Frank will buy it. Dick will bring an electronic measure.
Steven and Mia will meet at 8 for Chinese.
Lilly and Marshall will go out tonight. Marshall can't afford it. Lilly will come over and they will watch Netflix.
James is out of the team because the coach is annoying.
Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and put it on a CD. Priscilla bought the software online. Stu will tell Alex to get her something.
Rita needs some info on Helen's client Salvage Industries. Helen will check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger needs sugar. Phylis is baking a pie.
Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go with Andrew and his lady for a date.
Jill is bored at work. Nate is still at work. Jill has watched everything on youtube. She will call him when she gets off work.
Jake has just pulled a TOTW this year. He will try it in one or two matches. He will buy a new one.
Victoria and Rosemary will record the drums on Victoria's tablet this weekend. Rosemary has a problem with her laptop. Victoria will borrow the tablet from Rosemary.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He likes Thomas the Tank engine. Cass wants to buy him a football one.
Jane is 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her. Jane took the file with the xerox copies.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. He's not going to do anything.
Phil and Constantine are going to look after Deana's sunglasses.
Alice's dad is coming to decorate Jo's place for a month. Kim's mum is here. Alice has her yoga class at 6:30 and her yoga class at 8. Kim will be there after 8.
Jessica will ask Kelly, Mickey and Ollie the scariest places they've been to.
Maria is working at the call centre. She's working 16 fixed hours at the cafe and the rest of the week at the social media agency. She's getting paid £1000 a month before commission and tax. She's also earning a lot of money on rent and bills.
Tim is inviting a few people from work to play boardgames. Joe is an expert on the matter. Joe will help Tim organize the event.
Richard, Holy and Anne are going to meet at Starbucks at 8th street tomorrow. Holy will be back on Monday and will do some research tonight.
Gurdun is feeling a bit better. Russ and Gurdun will meet later. Russ had the flu three months ago. Russ won the last match. Russ won the last match.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video of a prank. Charlie and Oliver are not happy with it.
Thessalia and Mike are celebrating Christmas with Mummy.
Samara doesn't want to play with JP. JP is going to work.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm today. Tom will call him tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the current situation in Poland.
Tilly had to go for detention because she didn't get a text. Sam will phone her when she's home.
Gloria and Mell are having a barbecue on Saturday. Gloria will prepare the food and Gloria will prepare dessert.
Whitney and Hailey are going to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is released.
Jacob got a punchbag and Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot. Jenny's wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one and install a new one. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one.
Katherine will bring her to Kayla at 11. Kayla will ask dad and get back to Katherine later.
Lorena needs help with a new desk. Martin can't help her with it. Lorena will be home by 6.
Everett's friend, Ralph, introduced Everett to Amy at the pub last week. Ralph has Everett's number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. He will be worn out after all hat work. Diane will be at home. Ross will start again.
Ed, Valerie, Jessica, Chris, Lor, Matt and Atnee are discussing sex.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week to discuss the shoot. Gaya will meet Cristina at her studio.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw next July. Matt, Phil and Tony will go. The tickets start from pln 250. They will probably be sold out soon.
Dan, Dan, Sara, Gery, Gerardo, Eric, Gerardo and Eric ate at the BBQ. Dan provided the food. Gerardo removed them from the transaction.
Harper and Camila will meet tonight. They will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. Camila will eat a meal from the restaurant. Harper will order a meal from the restaurant. Camila will watch Ugly Truth.
Harry will be late. Vanessa and Peter are on their way. Peter is stuck in the traffic. There was an accident. Half of the guests is already here.
Callan's Samsung S8 is having problems with battery. He's going to the store to check it out.
Mike is in London.
Andrea's son is sick. She needs to take him to the doctor. Patrick will take care of him.
Phil is in the shop. He's standing in a queue. Nancy will make an apple pie for him.
Bryan's manager will send the payment tonight. Piper will be waiting for him.
Pogba scored a strike for Pogba. Clay and Richie are happy for him.
Sybille's son can't get his flight from Minneapolis to Paris. He's angry because his son can't get his flight yesterday. Air France will offer Sybille a departure on flight DL140 from Minneapolis to Paris.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book a flight today.
Hans will come to the practice and bring the ball.
Holt's sister is 21. He will buy her DVDs and cosmetics.
Georgia is going to parties. Roxana, Summer and Summer are going to buy her a dress.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. She needs some rest. Aaron wants some holiday already.
Greg is going on a business trip soon and will stay for two nights longer in BG. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amir saw what Beyonce tweeted.
Alec and Alexa are watching America's Got Talent. Alexa is not sure if she will win. Alec and Alexa are hoping she will win.
Kelly hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to the right account last week. John will have to go to the bank tomorrow to ask if they can re-send it to the right account.
James is going to work.
Lilian's mum has been calling Kevin all day asking where Lilian is. Lilian's phone battery died so she called Helen's place.
Freddy will sing at the school concert on Friday. Simon will send Freddy three tracks. Freddy will play guitar.
Tommy's mum didn't pick him up from the station. She's at school already. Tommy will send Wayne the pictures.
Tobias and Trevor will meet for a beer at 9 at Tobias's place.
Autumn has sewn a dress for Israel. She hasn't checked the tests for a month. She has shown it to Israel.
Frances and Aiden had a great time in France.
Paula is not happy with the way the game is played. Stew and Stew are sceptical about the game's difficulty.
Calum is looking for a job. Bethany is interested in computer investigator.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. She's not sure if she's going to have a baby.
Mike, Sean, Joseph and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Sean is unable to sleep. Joseph and Mike will share the notes.
Anna has a stomachache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. She will see a doctor in ten minutes.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Kate are in the little room next to the reception. The woman making a cake is working in the small room under the stairs.
Kirsten and Larry are going to vote on insurance. Kirsten will post the vote on Sunday. Kirsten will get her husband to sign off on it. Larry wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year. Kirsten will see if Sara has an extra.
Chloe is going to go for a walk with the dog tonight. Chloe's dad has to work late tonight. Chloe will come home and let her out.
Natalie's wallet is in her room. Tobias is in it.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob is looking for him. Phil will be in his office tomorrow morning.
Martin and Nicole are going to break up. Nicole is not happy with him.
Mike woke up with an allergy.
David wants to get a new tattoo. Mike will go get one with him.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy fresh tomatoes and Beth will buy chocolate for after the dinner.
Karen is going to finish the presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Joe will finish it at 6. Peter will help her.
Matt and Nick don't have an internet connection. Nick will let Matt know.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week. Baron, Gabriel and Gavin will sign on the calendar.
Trump is trying to shake the world's order. He's trying to scare people with a populist strategy. He's also stupid. He's persistence and ignorance.
Madison saw a Thai offer today. Tickets cost a penny but are extra cheap. Children under 12 are 50% off.
Tina is looking for a partner. Demi suggests Patrick. Tina is not sure if Patrick is a good partner. Tina will take Patrick under her roof.
Winnie has broken her leg. Freddie will visit her. Winnie will call her mother and Daddy to ring her.
Mark, Clint, Phil and Phil are going to see 'Batman. New Beginning' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom and dinign room. He will have the mould removed by Friday. He will install a fan system in her loft and have it circulate air to take some moisture out of the air.
Warren locked the door.
Aaron is going to a conference about relations at school. He will give two lectures and a workshop on teamwork. He will also be a host. Claire will join him during breaks.
Rob wants to sell his flat. Kate wants to buy it. Rob is thinking about having a baby. Rob has a friend who's relocating to another city. Rob is seeing him tomorrow.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. Charlie is in Sicily. Daisy took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. Charlie and Daisy spent the evening together. Charlie will meet Daisy in Florence on 1-5 September.
Adele is listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has the album in his music library for 3 years. He will bring Adele the album in USB.
Leah told Maddie that Leah dumped Leah. Ian doesn't know Claire. Leah and Leah met for the first time 1,5 years ago. Ian doesn't remember Leah's past girlfriends.
Violet is going on vacation and she's going to get a Brazilian waxing. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and she's scared. Violet is going to get a Brazilian waxing.
Suzy wants Linda to follow her on Instagram.
John and Rick are waiting for the deadline to get a trade request sent. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he's on waivers. John would like to get Blake, but he's not sure if he can get Lamar. John might have a way to drop the QB rule next year.
Lisa asked Victoria and Amelia about the diet. Victoria's mum was on it.
Carrie and Alex are going to see Fantastic Beast this weekend. Alex has seen the movie last week and liked it. Gina and Alex are going to see it too.
Emily's favourite colour is Blue. Amelia can't tell her anything more.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
Victor is no longer their teacher. Oliver and Sid are happy.
Pedro and Alex are discussing the merits of the batman and superman.
Marek found a nice piece of ass in the shopping mall. Adam and Marek are surprised that he didn't find it.
Mark and Daniel are going to the river bank parties tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting. Mark will get his own.
Bart's grades are screwed up. Bart didn't study as much as he should have. Bart will take the class next year. Bart started playing StarCraft.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne didn't buy anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece are going to watch the latest film on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise. Tiffany is not sure if she's a turtle or a wasp.
Susie is back with her baby. Henry is happy for her.
Patti's cat is fine. She will pick her up later. She will come home at 5.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and a tangerines for school tomorrow.
Sam is interested in the new earphones he's looking for. Lia will collect them from the courrier. The price is £187. The product arrives the next day.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Emilly will bring Kate's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday.
Monica has a free usb. Gina will come to Monica's office.
Nathan wants to buy a stationary bike in spring. He will hang it on the wall. Aubrey and Nathan are going to keep it in the hallway. Nathan has already done 25 kilometers everyday.
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the marvel. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7. Parker will text Jason when it's done.
Michael is travelling a lot. He's in Boston next weekend. He's going to have a conference in the Netherlands. He's thinking of quitting his job.
Carol is going to pick up the fruits from Jacob's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly is trying to get out of the house today. Luca is trying to help her.
Janette has mice in her kitchen. Mom loves Janette.
Lawrence is not through with the article yet. He will be in a few minutes. The piece is needed by today. Lawrence will get back to Madison once he is through.
Julia and her parents are having a fight over where to eat. Julia doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald will call her when he gets back.
Agata is coding in JavaScript. She doesn't speak to her husband in Chinese.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks time. Alejandro and Luz have a lot of plans. Alejandro will pick Luz up on 20th December at 4 PM.
Sam started playing fifa in 19. Sam is interested in the career mode.
Damian is starving. Ethan will buy him a kebab. Damian had a rough day. Damian will change and change in scout's honour.
Adam's flight was rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. Hannah will prepare dinner for Adam. Adam will be there in less than 24 hours.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa is going to help him.
Joyce is going to get Harry by bus. Kyle is already running late.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela bought a box at Ikea.
Susan and Toby went to the seaside for the weekend. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They enjoyed the food, the scenery and the seaside. Toby proposed.
Olivia is having a party with Linta. Eva is going to drop her off tomorrow. Olivia will make a bottle of milk and make a bottle of milk.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men grabbing her whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Stefano and Josie are discussing the books they like. Josie read Foucault's Pendulum and liked it. Stefano and Josie are not sure their level of Italian is adequate.
Evan has the flu and has to cancel his lesson tomorrow. He will be off college since Tuesday.
Camille, Camille and Amanda are going to a concert tonight at 9 p.m. Camille, Camille and Patrick will go to the concert.
Bobby is annoyed with pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. Mickey is not. He found out that they are selling mints as medical products.
Dave is looking for statistics notes. Greg has some but he doesn't have any. Dave sends him notes from statistics.
Mark is going to pick Sally up. Sally doesn't feel well. Mark will have her character sit out.
Joy is going for a run on Friday evening. Sandy will be late. Lina found dresses nice but she thinks Joy has too much cleavage. Joy will show her to her husband.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour for the stop.
Ted found plasters in his shower. He kept them until this morning after his shower.
Kyle will call Lily in 10 minutes.
Taylor's parents are away tomorrow at 8 PM. Harry will join him.
Sierra hasn't received the grant yet. Jeremy hasn't checked. Sierra will lend him some.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend. They will have sausage and beer. They will also try mulled wine.
Pamela will have a look at the RGS grant website.
Ava is 158 cm tall. She is defeated by a penguin.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Vaughn got a 65.
There was a gas leak at school today. Three engines and ambulance were called to the drill.
Perry, Marlow, Janet, Forster, Forster and Janet are going to Asia in July or August. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at the cinema.
Lee is scared and confused about the digital wizard client manager who normally wears a dress shirt and a suit jacket. He's been here for almost 5 months and he's seen him before. He's pre-purchased RoS CE and he's getting some goodies.
Boris will tell Brian to take care of the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in Women's strike. Jake and Kelly are going to join them.
Laurel and John will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel got a new cat. She's taking a bunch of medication and she's feeling better.
Mark's wedding is coming up. Mark's wedding is coming up. Matthew, Kristina and Bart are going to the after party.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neil and Penny haven't talked to her. They should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4. They will meet at the main entrance. They will go to some bar. Rachel is worried they won't like her.
Robert is not in town.
Dorothea is celebrating her birthday today. She will meet Tom and they will eat something in the town. She will see Dorothea on Saturday.
Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow. Jules is disappointed because someone misled her.
Jane wants Ainsley to help her with the thesis. Ainsley is sick and can't help.
Lydia is at the gym.
Mick is going to Erasmus for Halloween. Amka is going to London with her grandparents. Mick's grandma is having health issues. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween.
Karine sent Jessie a video of them at kindergarten.
Cael is not ready for the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with Conrad. He's 5 years younger than her. Fiona is in love with him. She can't do anything for an hour or two. She will tell her mother.
There is a lot of money involved in Kongo. There is too much money involved in the political process. Alice and Jeremy are not positive about the situation.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th at 10:00 and 11th at 11:00. Evans will let Margaret know next week if they meet on 14th.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne will contact him.
Pete has an interview for his husband. Iris is very happy for him. Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. She needs to add Juls to the group. Gerardo, Luke, Julia, George and George will stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola is running late. Kurt will call her.
Conny is writing a paper for next week. He did some research on the internet. Fitz suggests that he go to the library to do his research.
Louis and Archie are discussing Melanie's looks.
Carly and Cindy are shocked that she asked him.
Kirsten is going bowling with Alex this Friday at 7 pm. They will meet and go together.
Sam doesn't think he likes him. Cathy and Kate noticed that he's looking at Sam when he's not talking with him. Sam will talk with him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream last night that she was a lion tamer. She will go to Africa this summer. Lynn believes that dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles has gluten intolerance. Monica has a coeliac disease. She stopped eating gluten for a month. Jack's friend did a blood test and she's feeling better now.
Peter and Julia got an A. Ulysses got an A. Julia got an B. Martha can check their grades online.
Andrew has a bad joke about sinking a polish battleship.
Linda missed the train. The train was 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam in one hour.
Martha will buy the Crazy Lenses lenses from Ophelia.
Linda wants to buy flowers for mum. She's on a flower market right now. She's looking for tulips, roses, carnations and freesias.
Tim is running late. Gary will come to the main presentation about twenty past.
Marcus and Leslie are going to pick Mark from the airport on Thursday at 3. Marcus has a meeting at 1. Leslie will pick Mark from the airport. Marcus will call Mark and give him his number.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. She had contact with her before the last semester. Joanna will try to organize vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th.
Thelma has to look wonderful in Louisa's wardrobe. Louisa will bring her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Meg needs 5 minutes more to get to Carl. Meg has lost her key.
Ben is online today. Kim will give him a call.
Jack, Oliver, Stanley and Oliver are talking about Stan Lee.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix advise her to calm down.
Ryanair has cancelled 400,000 flights affecting 400,000 more passengers. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Ava and Luke are disappointed.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's fine. She's going to the hospital. Some jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light. He's going to pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk and became friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Rachel is going to find out more.
Luke got kicked surfing today. He got 0 waves, 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. He will be out there tomorrow at 2:22 PM.
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend.
The audition starts at 7.30 P.M. at Antena 3.
Marta clicked something by accident. Agnieszka and Weronika are happy for her.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham. About 8000 people showed up for it. The British media were not happy with the event. The host from LBC tried to find an answer to an unanswerable question.
Janice has watched almost all 50 of the movies of 2018. She's watched Deadpool 2. Janice's boyfriend forced her to watch it.