Amanda can't find Betty's number. She called her last time they were at the park together. Hannah would rather Amanda texted Larry.
Eric and Rob are laughing at a funny video of a machine talking to a machine.
Lenny wants Bob to help him with choosing the best pair of trousers for him.
Emma will be home soon and she will tell Will when she gets home.
Jane is in Warsaw. Ollie is going to a party on the 18th. Ollie reminds Jane that they don't have any more whisky. Jane will bring the pastries for Ollie. Ollie will meet Jane tomorrow at 6 pm.
Hilary is meeting some French people at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm today. She will have lunch with them and then go to La Cantina. Benjamin is going to take a nap.
Payton likes browsing and looking in the mirror. She usually buys things from 2 or 3 of them. She likes reading.
Rita is very tired and she's looking at the clock.
Beatrice is in town and finds a scarf. Leo doesn't like them.
Eric is coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Eric has a lot to do at home and he doesn't know if his parents would let him. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda wants Gina to make a list and go to the party on Friday. Gina will take her father's car and go do groceries.
Martin won two cinema tickets. He will write a short review of the new film with Redford.
Charlee is preparing a Polish performance in Portuguese for her university students.
Ella rented a car.
Paul will send Luke the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girl. Paul has been on holidays for less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours. Betsy can't pick Johnny up. Greg will talk to Betsy later.
Ethan sends Toby and Marshall a photo of himself.
Igor has a lot to do at work and he's very demotivated. John advises him to grit his teeth and do what he has to do.
Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix. The main character, Sam, presents on college radio. The main story is from the perspective of black students there. There is a lot of racism in the UK. Clara and Neela will watch the rest of a movie and try Dear White People next year.
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into a red honda looking just like Mike's.
Deirdre wants to do something special for Beth's mother's 40th birthday. Deirdre wants Beth to try working in the salon. Beth will pop in tomorrow after school to try the beauty therapy side.
Gloria advises Emma to prepare for the exam.
Karen and Adam worry about May. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen has a friend who's a psychologist. Adam will call her for advice.
Anne is angry with Mark because he lied to her.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. He mentioned a paper shredder once. Darlene and Walker will ask him twice if he has it.
Ollie and Mickey are talking about a sculpture garden in Finnland. Ollie finds it creepy.
Selah can't see the phone number very well.
Bella and Eric's boss was angry at them for dismissing a potential client.
Emma is at the rare seat of the bus. There are free seats there. Ben will wake her up around 4.15.
Jesse and Melvin are going to help women and children who escape from abuse. They are going to chip in for the 3rd list.
Carter will lend Mary a box at the train station.
Paula explains to Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily' the name of the plant.
Jack and May will have a drink later today.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkiller.
Serge has an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Andrei will let him know if it works out. Serge is getting out of the metro now.
Janice's son wants Martina to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina doesn't want to do it.
Daniel has just started playing DA II and he's enjoying it. Mary loves it. Lucas played DA II and thinks it's better than 2.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her and stopped calling and texting. Bruce is sweet but she doesn't feel the butterflies.
Chloe is on tv.
Tina and Ala are in the Emirate. They had to wait one hour for their flight back home. Ala is on his way to a meeting.
Sebastian has moved to a new place and he's having a great time. Kevin is satisfied with his decisions and he wishes he had a partner.
Son is not sure if he will come home this weekend. His mother misses him. Frank will tell her that he will come.
Ola is in Cuba. She has no connectivity. Momo thinks Momo's scarf from Laos belongs to her. Kate suggests Ola to buy a new one. Ola will try to find a similar one at a boutique shop.
Mike will ask Mary if she has John's number.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of a baby cows.
Stephen has taken Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new dog. She called him Bones because of the plump plump dog.
Tabora is playing games with Kristian.
Cathy will come to Broke at 10 tonight to pick up her sunglasses.
Petra is sleepy because she is working at the office. She is also tired because she is tired of the work.
Nick wants to meet Jane for a drink. Jane is a bit below the belt. Nick will take her back.
Adam's friend told Nate and Nate that Tim is gay.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order food for her and make sure she gets it as soon as she gets to them.
Celine will drop by in the evening.
Craig's computer is not working. Derek will help him in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app shows that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app.
Paul wants to buy red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. Mary will pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will pick up the cake and balloons for Tom's birthday party at 5 pm.
Paul is almost there. Laura is waiting for him close to the Mac.
Salma and Hugh are laughing at the latest cat meme.
Matt, Oliver and Peter are going to announce the results of their university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today. Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card and needs to borrow money from the bank. Ian will lend him $ 100.
Inez and Patrycja enjoyed their evening. They will go to a restaurant in Italy and Korea again on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine are going to visit grandma tomorrow.
Joyce sends Michael and Edson a link to a cheap ticket. Edson is buying it now.
Steven and Jane will meet at the main entrance of the main entrance at 4:30.
Suzanne is taking a break from work. Morgan has two tickets for Maroon 5's concert at the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden.
Liam has sent Julia a link to a book from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will check around his room and find it. Mohammad will bring it to the uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda are going to an Italian restaurant tonight.
Anna invites Martin, Margot, Adam and Mia to her birthday on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out tonight. Mia will pick Elliot up.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now. Brennan thinks she should look for another mother to her children. Jayden wishes she could have children now.
USA won last night. They are playing tomorrow at 2:00 in Croatia.
John wants Ela to give him her walle outside. Ela is late, but John messaged her to give it to her.
Mary told Mark's sister she is doing an online job. She is trying to get to the people she is working for.
Fiona is preparing a tart for Chris. Tina will help her. Fiona bought the crust and she finished with lemony scrambled eggs.
Clare is not in town. Annette is sick. Peadar, Clare, Annette and James are going to Jesus bar. Oli went to the bar but couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian are angry about Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to a neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They are going to visit a restaurant called Latin America. The area is being taken over by capitalism. Zadie will call Finn if she gets lost.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside and Ray is out. Max is out.
Harry bought a new sofa and wants to get pillows.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi, Sony and a phone to Josh.
Nathalie and Olafur are going to Soho for New Year's Eve.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a small quiz tomorrow. Frank will study for it.
Kim will cook a surprise ramal fish for Margot.
Ben will be at Tom's at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got a job at the cinema.
Danna is angry because her TV subscription has expired and she can't watch TV. Reed is going to work tomorrow.
Alivia's thesis is not going well. She has problems finding research materials.
Maddie is in Asda and John will buy white bread and some apples for the Gala.
Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm tonight to talk about Brad's liver cancer.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th, because she's going to be gray. Gina suggests that Flo buys a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Ann can't meet Rob, because she has a meeting. Rob is at the grocery store and wants to buy some food for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid.
Eric sends Samantha a video of his favourite professor talking about the recent scandal on the news.
David is right about most things. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Helen are skyping in the lobby of Rick's place at 3 pm tomorrow.
Ying has done a 10-year challenge for 10 years.
Missy gets out of work at 6 and Daniel will get her some drinks after dinner.
Pete has cleaned the hamster cage after school.
Randolph will buy Maya 5 earplugs from the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will buy an ipad for his dad.
Isabella enjoyed Betty's work yesterday. If Betty wants to do something together, she will let Isabella know.
Amy is working now.
Alex will join Huda for swimming in 2 hours.
Janet is ashamed of her vote for Donald Trump.
Rashi is confused about his career. He was discussing with his friends about the options for him. He has many interests and he should choose one that interests him. Teacher advises him to focus on earning and learn.
Corbin is reporting school violence to the department in charge of school violence.
Joel doesn't know a good technician that fixes PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week. Marta will ask Cynthia or Elena if they know someone.
Ann's dad is turning 50. Fiona suggests a surprise party for him. Ann is out of ideas for a surprise party. Ann's mum is not into military. Ann suggests some team play or sports.
Fatima and Jenson are both blaming each other for Alene's depression.
Lisa wants Bob to clean the house.
luke and martial are going to meet at Carrington and go to the coach's office to discuss their injuries.
Julie sends Emily a message of Merry Christmas.
Ricky has a new neighbour. They are loud and have a parakeet.
Brenda and Sandra used to work in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now, but she has 4 grandchildren. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday at 11.
John and Joan will go to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday at 8 pm.
George wants to meet Donna to discuss AIDS. Donna doesn't want to meet in a coffee shop.
Louis is going to go because his mom is calling him.
Crystal wants to take her little boy shopping with her. Irene will take him.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will meet Thomas and Maria there.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool.
Lia is too tired to go to the village party. Mico will go. Jeff will drive.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up from work at 3:15 pm.
Jack is going to the casting. Ryan wants him to join him.
Joanne is going to France for the holidays. Her parents separated a few months ago. Joanne's mum is devastated. Joanne will bring her mum over for Christmas.
Raul had a bad night yesterday evening and today morning. He had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie has a severe stomach pain. She will see her doctor in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda and Karen are going to have pasta for lunch at a restaurant next to their apartement.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school tomorrow morning. Marty thinks he has sprained his ankle. Christine will take the kids to the doctor. Marty and Christine will have pizza night tomorrow. Christine will take Marcel to the doctor.
Peyton wants Cameron to bring her a video game. Cameron won't be home for another week.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. Emma will be home after midnight and she will prepare some food for him.
Sean overslept again.
Chris and Tom are going to have a jacuzzi in their garden. It's big enough for 5-6 people. Chris and Tom will bring their TV outside. Tom will get 6GB of WiFi from Chris's phone when he gets outside Ireland.
Harry wants Cindy to call Ela to talk about the fight.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poana\xc5\x84 on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term.
Ms. Blair and Mr. Williams will go for a coffee at 2 pm.
Jeff has a skin condition. He doesn't take meds all the time. Tina has the same skin condition and takes meds daily.
Jannette is not home yet. Estefania is watching "Gossip Girl" and she likes Tyra Banks.
Daniel is flying to Bologna this fall. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone may come in December for a weekend.
Mike can't talk and will call Dale in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work. He is working and he is angry at his boss. Gemma is organising a birthday party for Timmy. She will bring wine and food. Timmy has a boyfriend.
Pat has a slight delay in her journey to meet Bart. Pat will come in the evening around 9pm. Pat will be working from home tomorrow. Bart will open the door for Pat. Pat is a painter.
Ashley is at the camp and she will meet Erin at the pool or restaurant today. The wifi is good and the food is less spotty in the restaurant area.
Maria and Kate are preparing for the conference. Tommy will have a prezi and Maria will pay $10 a month for academics.
Maxwell and Jeanice have worked together for 8 hours tonight. Marcus argued with a friend but didn't fight. Marcus is more aggressive and aggressive. Jeanice will let Maxwell know if she can do something about it.
Mike, Tom and Ben will go for a beer.
Leah met a guy at the poetry reading. He was very nice, but he was creepy. Leah found out from a FB post that he had a crush on him.
Nicky has just left Dave's place.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Tom will be in a taxi.
There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon. The university organised a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. Sophie doesn't know where it is.
Simon will be free at 5 and Adrian will talk to him.
Jen is angry at her boyfriend. She wants him to move out. Jane believes Jen should cut her losses and move on.
Dean is starving and wants to know what to get Poppy for dinner. She doesn't know.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment and she doesn't meet strange men from the internet. Gab wants to meet Kat in real life. Kat went to the cinema.
Agatha is going to give an economics presentation.
Imagine Dragons are coming to the ABC Theatre on July 12th. Sally has already checked the tickets and will go with Tim.
Bez's car passed general inspection only in June. Bez is in Crinch and has no internet connection. Bez is home on the 21st of the evening. Bez's plants are watered once a week and the plants in the basement are watered.
Laura is not sure if she's going to visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for Laura's birthday.
Pegah is working until 15:00 and then she works from 21:30 till 22:00. She needs to work as many shifts as possible. Miriam invited a few people over and she hopes Pegah will be there too.
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that.
Max sends Jim his latest music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Kane recommends Shannon the new 30 seconds to mars album. Shannon doesn't like it, but Kane recommends it to her.
Andy is waiting for Paul to come over for coffee.
Caroline is tugging on her testicles again.
Ron sends Josh an email.
Phoebe used her mother's perfume and it broke. Phil is angry because it was expensive and the whole house stinks.
Eve and Rob are meeting tomorrow. They are going to the stores. Eve has some work to do around 3.
Betty is going to meet with her ex at 6. She will bring wine.
Anna and Peter are playing a game on how many clothes Peter has to wear.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis but it doesn't hurt.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling by bus. Judah will call Archie on the phone if he is dead by the time he gets there.
Chloe will watch the series during the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small bird tattoo above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet is blocked. She doesn't have anything left in the kitty, so she will call the plumber.
Kaylen is in a country with left-hand traffic. Rowen drives on the left. Kaylen looks gorgeous.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island.
Emely needs Titus to help her with a difficult task. Emely sends Titus a photo of the task and he will write her the answers.
Marco will print and read Aldo's article. It's 12 pages.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris is not sure what happened. He hasn't seen her lately. She lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made a lot of New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight, exercise everyday, and to find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor is angry with his wife Abigail because she sneaked him into the house quietly and she is in her bedroom doing it. Trevor is planning to pull out at the last moment, but she has already told her father.
Julia and Gail are spying on people.
Anne and Catherine hate Miranda. Miranda called Tom yesterday.
Ella needs dietary requirements for her guests. Barbara flled out for mom.
Sarah will reach New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison has got a scholarship.
Sam finishes work at 5 and is not bringing him over tonight.
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema tonight. They will watch two comedies and one thriller. They will meet at 6:30 at the cinema. They will have a stroll afterwards.
Robert is looking for a new job. He will give Serge his CV.
Lily spent the night with a guy from the LSE. He is from an extremely rich family. Lily has had a lot of pleasure.
Sam wants to buy a black dress for his wife. Sarah fashion sends him pictures of the dresses she makes and the same procedure will apply to her order.
Kamden is not a great fan of social media. He uses chat to keep up with good friends. Mckinley doesn't like to take selfies.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will bring him food and they will play Destiny 2 on ps4.
Linda is on a vacation and she's moving to Ohio. She has no time for anything. Daisy will help her pack.
Hayden has 1 month to write her thesis and then she needs to decide what studies to study. She is not sure if the job is good for her. She would like to work in the embassy or something. She is a water rescuer.
Alan found a company that has no sugar, no taste and no cinnamon flavoring. Robert and Rob are not impressed.
Yaz and Mary are going to the slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick Mary up at 6.
Camille is sick and the university is having classes 342 on the second floor.
Aaron's cat looks like she's having a spiritual moment. Dan sent a video of her cat to Nathan.
William has been in que for 20 minutes. Emma is waiting for him.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow for 7 pm and got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie has just finished Mad Men. Kelly has just finished The Crown. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Bob recommends watching Grimm or Sabrina.
Toni and her friends are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so. Toni will get in contact with the landlady who rents a room in the apartment.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the paleo diet together.
Derek and Phil have been busy and they have to deal with customers who are negotiating for days, weeks and then they pull out.
People photoshopped Timoth\xc3\xa9e Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy with work. He's been working out. Lisa wants to improve her health. Peter has a membership at a gym near his office. Peter does weights and run on the treadmill. Lisa needs to eat better to help her keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
Don and Hank's kids are going to a hockey test today. They will have to fill out all the fields and then go to a database of hockey stars. Don will take his kid.
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table, six chairs, a vase and a pile of clothes. She paid 70 euros for all of that.
Abigail reminds Damien to wear a coat and tie on Sunday.
Lucian is not at home. He has just got a msg from Desiree.
Doug is jealous of Jeni's new shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting Jim Andrews, her colleague from work.
Emily, Kate and Marta are going to the Pub X at the central station at 5.30 today.
Jane is allergic to peanuts. She ordered a cheesecake and it almost killed her.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on his way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister on Halloween. Connor got his today.
Mary is at home today.
Tom and Jeffrey are few meters from Jeffrey and Elena.
Mason sends Sophia a Kiss photo. Sophia doesn't want Mason to see her when she doesn't look good. Mason is not going to judge Sophia.
Steffen is more handicapped and needs to use a 4-wheel drive to go to the infinity pool. Irene and Dan will give Steffen a lift to the pool.
Mike, Florence, Margot and others are going for the research trip in Swazi. The name of the country is Eswatini.
Christine has got the flu and is not going to school tomorrow. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Bob is angry at Jill for calling Sarah's girlfriend and sending her their pictures. Jill is glad Bob left her.
Peter starts his new job on the 6th at 8. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Maryam might have gone somewhere with her father.
George, Robert, Yousuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Yousuf needs to help his sister with her car. Paul will bring some beers.
Mitch will take Bill and Sammy for the International camp in July. Rory will chip in for gas to get them there. Mitch will be leaving on Sunday, 29th.
Angelina and Jones will meet today in the afternoon in town.
Fergie's national anthem is funny. Derek and Alyssa think it's funny.
Lauren needs Pam for tomorrow. The Manager is back tomorrow so she may do some more rota. Lauren will call Pam in the morning to let her know. Pam had a good holiday and will tell her all about it tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once with her friends.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Dan will explain everything to Angela at school.
Shaldona sends Piper an invitation to her wedding.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland. Zuzia thinks it's inappropriate for a boy to go with them.
Ema will be there in 5 minutes.
The Caspian Sea will have a special legal status because it's neither a sea nor a lake. It's rich in resources and it's rich in caviar. According to Vladimir, around 80-90% of the world's caviar is sourced from the Caspian.
Joe is unhappy with his job. Tim's friend Terry quit because of it.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with her. Judy is going on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo and Alex are going to give presentations in groups. They have 2 groups to do it. Jamie wants to divide them into girls and boys.
John is at school. He is in the park.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. Louis's friend told Sara that a new writer, a writer called Dante Kyle, was signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of his.
Debbie is looking for a red dress. Denise suggests she buys the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia needs to buy a flight ticket. She doesn't have a credit card. Tom will send Mia the flight, company and her personal data.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a checkup. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade needs to go for a checkup too. Hugh is working late today.
Ella got a text from her mom who won a hundred thou in the lottery.
There was a car accident at Circle Mall. There were no deaths.
Bob and Rob are watching the game. Bob is going to meet with his friends this weekend to celebrate Jim's birthday.
Julie and Debra are going to meet over the weekend. There are 20 people from the village 40+.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David babysit Ethan at Ethan's house. David has just turned off the Internet.
Conrad forgot his keys. Rebecca will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night. She had 21 cats and her boyfriend.
Holly doesn't feel well and she thinks she caught flu.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur growing up was triceratops. Jacopo will tell Ludmila why later.
Josh and Logan are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left her phone at Liam's place.
Claire sent Maria a link with a dress she thinks is perfect for the bride.
Victor sold off the office of his company to Chris. Chris is still working as Director. Victor is happy with the results. David is expecting the market to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle a file with a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back after 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to Pat&Gill's today.
Miro told Abby the story of his father coming from Albania to the US in the early 1990s. He told Abby that the people who came to the US were living in extreme poverty and they were boarding ships to get out.
Julie has just watched a Japanese horror movie and she's scared. Paula will chip in for an Uber for Julie to come over. Rose will bring cookies for the cocoa.
Lucy's daughter is 15. She doesn't know what to do now. She feels she didn't prepare for Patrick's turning 15.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Tom are going to a party on Saturday at 8. They need to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. She wants Amelia and Kristen to do them for her.
Sharol forgot to do her sociology assignment. It's due tomorrow.
Jamie was at school today. He has a high fever and a terible cough. Helen has a perdiatrician, Tornez, who treats all kids. Helen has a doctor, Torez, who treats all kids. Half of the class is sick.
Tim forgot to tell Louise that his mum is with Grace.
Caroline's boyfriend is a nerd and he lives at home with his mummy and gramma. He's 26 and has a big house and he's an introvert.
Vincent broke his lamp while raising his hand and the glass cover broke. He ordered a new lamp and should be ready to pick up on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf suggests that the prices are the same or higher. Olaf sends Nestor a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and the price is lowered.
Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter. He likes to observe all the fitness accounts on Instagram.
Amanda doesn't like the guy with dreads.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay Sue the money.
Jess is in a traffic jam.
Dima's laptop is broken and she has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada will lend Dima her old laptop.
Kelly went to the pub with more people from school. She met a guy at 2 am. He was with someone.
Anne invites Louise and Louise to come for Easter. Adele will bring her chocolat eggs.
Peggy's computer is broken. She needs to get it fixed. The computer is probably from the library. Melody recommends the mac model that Peggy has. Peggy might need to get a new one.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet's day was ok but her boss is a pain in the ass sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going to a package tour. They are going to choose a cheaper tour operator.
Stanley can't go with her because of work. She accused him of having an affair. Stanley will talk to her when she's back. Bill is working on the Lidem project.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her pinkish-blue umbrella. She got it as a present from her Mom a few years ago. Laura suggests calling the cafe to ask if a customer found it or a waiter.
Jake applied for an accounting position at Pandora. He was promoted twice during 5 years. The company has cost saving policies and there's a yearly bonus. Jake explains to Catherine the benefits of the job and the company's website.
Fiona needs Anna's support and she will go to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and ask her for the exact address.
Linda is cooking Curry Curry for Kim and Claire.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway and prefer talking to Carlos. Matt stays at home too much. Matt is going to stay at home for one month and they have to pay more for electricity.
Katie is hosting Tim on Monday evening and dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will send Ann her son a text to tell him where she wants to pick him up.
Sharon is grounded because of her relationship with her parents. Ahmed wants Sharon to move out with him.
Rob is looking at today's memes and finds them funny. Tom tells Rob to get a girlfriend.
Mike will get the hand sanitizer by the restrooms for Grace.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She was kicked out. Louis is sorry.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann can pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Mike has done the washing up last time. Sara will do it when she gets back from the cinema. Sam will join Mike when he gets back.
Gary is driving for Uber. He loves it. He has met loads of cool people. Ellie finds him awkward and uncomfortable when he meets new people.
Leah sends Kristi a link to a discount offer for trainers. Kristi will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
Andre read about the bear attack at the zoo. Megan is not surprised the bear reacted that way.
Mick has not received the confirmation from AES yet. He needs to call them.
Allison sent Alan the file with budget estimation for the current year and not for next year. Alan's boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate are going for a stroll. Liam will be there in 15 minutes.
Carl will be in the VIp for this year's championship. Duncan will get Carl a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox.
Terry will take Dinny's dog away before he comes.
Anastasia sends Darrell her school photos. They took them in less than a minute. Anastasia needs a new school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April. She will bring kimchi with Jane. Agatha and Mark would love to come.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died of malaria in kongo. Darien says it's dangerous for all people.
Josh lost his new sneakers. He went to many places, swimming pool and fitness, but they didn't find them in the gym. He will call the swimming pool and fitness to check if they have any.
Bella is not sure about Valentine's Day. Bella is in Warsaw and the weather is colder than it really is. Aria will fly to Warsaw as soon as she quit work. Bella will probably go to Korea to get a checkup.
Sawyer, Wheeler and Yardley are going to play a ball game tonight at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up on for an hour.
Viola is going to a wedding on Friday night. Carmen will give her a helping hand.
Madeline is not happy with Jada's way of dealing with her problems. She and Martin had an argument today. They are going for a beer after that.
Betty is busy and she will check in with Mom.
William will cook spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will prepare garlic golden, add wine and clams.
Maria, Alexander, Sarah and Martha are going to IMF lecture tomorrow. Alexander will meet with Sarah after class at 17:15. Lawrence will be late.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like Muse. Molly and Anna will go.
Tabby has two exams next week. She passed all exams but one. Tabby is coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky is trying to win Coco over but she's not very good at it.
Kyra's flat apartment number is 187. Sosie will be there in 5 minutes.
Ronnie is surprised by the lack of awareness about plastic bags in the city. Clint doubts that this kind of awareness will happen in the state.
Tina is at work and can't reach Adam. Adam will call her tomorrow.
Natalie told Tom and Jane that she is pregnant.
Nick will bring Steve some chicken for lunch.
Gemma wants Timmy to come to Lona and Michelle's wedding. Timmy is not sure about the date but he will come.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Lisa is going home.
Tina is almost there and she's already dressed.
William went to collect the rest of the quince for Sophie. They are in a basket on their terrace. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins and they will come home this weekend.
Harry is going to Ikea and needs a table cloth. Sarah sends him a photo of the one she bought.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie shares a funny video with Cindy.
Nadia and Jannet are going to the disco.
Jeff has seen his new car and he's impressed with the ride. Mark wants to try it out. Jeff will bet he'll get it for him.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their victory. Ann and Julie are going to celebrate tonight.
Kathy's Aunt is getting her haircut today. Kathy will get it cut a bit shorter.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He will talk to Claudia and Mark as soon as he's gone.
Jane's mother cried this morning. Den will invite her for tea on Friday and bring fish and chips.
Ludo has arrived at school in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. Ludo saw the listing but Mum has to go to the meeting.
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door.
Max's sister is studying in China. She speaks Chinese. She's already made a good impression on Rory.
Russ will send David some remarks after he has received the report from David.
Catherine and Ben are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go because he's stressed out. He will visit them when he has the chance.
Clay is the class room in Library. Kaya will be there soon.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash tomorrow. Sean and Alice will leave earlier and get it washed somewhere on the road.
Bert will be home at 8. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's dishwasher has turned up.
Michelle is working on an update for Harvey.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Kohaku cafe near Covent Garden is closed. Julia went there last week and wanted to take her cousin there but the rent was too high. Henry and Julia went to Lilly's but it's not the same place.
Olivia has to do her accounts and prepare the tax filing. She also needs to upload videos to YouTube. Jake doesn't have time to do much by way of post-production.
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups. She used the cup to clean it. Linda will take out the whole green set.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend. The weather forecast is great. Tom is buying the tickets.
Stella wants to visit Sandra. She wants to take her to the cinema. Sandra is recovering from her disease. Stella wants to take her to the cinema.
Harley and Ruby are discussing the divorce filing. The divorce filing shows that the wife cheated and paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed, because he has a lot going on at mom's. Ang will try to cheer him up. Ken is going to the show on Saturday night and seeing the grandkids on Sunday.
It's Manchester United's derby day today.
Dexter misses Addisyn.
Jason was absent today because of a dental appointment.
Cindy set up a conference room for Don and the management board today at 2 pm. Cindy will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy saw the agenda and he didn't read it. Don has booked the hotel.
Samuel is at a joint with mushroom pizza. It's legal in Laos.
Mike is going to Egypt for Holiday. Celia thinks Croatia is too hot.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Sharon will visit Jaz on Sunday to sort out her roots. Jaz will pop in the right colour dye for her.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will tidy up Laura's dreads tonight.
Jill has worked about 20 or 30 hours per day, which is more than 3-4 per day.
Professor Evans has an art exhibition tomorrow. Mia and James are going to go to the cinema and to the cinema.
Rita doesn't know if the readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are in the print shop. Arthur made the mistake of going on Monday and the staff was rude. Rita will go tomorrow morning and let Chae-yeong and Arthur know if the texts are available.
Ost bought a garage place in the city center. It's Ost's intention to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. The prices for garage places in Belgrade are favorable. The interest rates are low. There will be no new parking space in the city center.
Hania is on the road and she will be there around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform and they will order pizza and burgers.
Kaylee blocks Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and Lee are having a drink tonight. Lee is not going to join them. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Erin baked a delicious dish. Zachary will bring her a piece later.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the second one was not. Joseph is going to be a concierge until the day he dies.
Sue wants Graham to throw her dates over for weekends in Romford. Graham has 2 more days off and wants to focus on motorways. Sue will let Graham know when Louise comes back.
John and Andrew discuss the game which allows players to drive a tank all the time. John's cousin met his wife there.
Rael hates his job. He doesn't have time to eat his lunch. He's looking for a new job. Zach will talk to his friends about IT.
Susan went on a date with a guy she met at home. They went to rollerskating disco.
Joe and Pete are going to watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is. Domigo suggests Euodia to try it.
Hugh has a son.
Pauline and Anthony are going to Greece on August 10. They need to be back by 10.
Lori is in Copley. Maria is in Prudential. Lori will be there in 10 minutes. Maria is very tired. There is a traffic jam.
Marta is shocked to hear that jay is a pathological liar.
Telly is hesitant about going to Luke's party on New Year's. She will check out The Spot, which is having a New Year's party.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny advises him to make his own peeling.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester. Chris stayed at home with Ann for the first time on their own.
Bruce's campaign has raised over 5000 dollars. Bruce has already raised 6132 bucks.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate and Chris have had a fight. Kate is angry every time she talks to Chris. Kate sends him all the data and research about the refugees.
Celine and Mark went on skates. Mark doesn't know how to skate.
Sarah and Lia are going to Negev for Passover. Sarah is going to the desert this year. Sarah's family wants her to come but she has a lot of work. Sarah is flying on the 28th.
Gene sent Jack a package on Friday. Jack should have received it by now.
Miranda has to work and she can't cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie.
Clara, Blake and Jenny will get off at a place called fabro-ficule. Blake will wait for them on the platform.
Raymond wants to eat pizza and pesto pennes. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and they will have both.
The new Jersey Shore season is almost there. The cast is the original cast, including Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. The Situation was having bad legal problems and still is.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office.
Serena and Ella went to Cork club last weekend and they were disappointed with the empty club.
Molly, Peter and Kai are going to Sweden for a week in January. It's dark and cold and it's not very nice. They will visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank has no plans for the weekend. He will go to see horse racing with Avril.
Adam is going to Multisports this week. Mair will bring Xand and Adam to Multisports tomorrow at half 10.
Ethan went to the gym and he's sore. He goes twice a week. He usually goes every other day. He usually goes twice a week. Ray will pick up the kids at 8.
Diana is going for hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her phone. She went shopping and left it on the counter. Dot suggests she can give a reward and post someone's phone number.
A student was beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. The student is in hospital. The security guards don't give a fuck.
Deborah and Nathan are packing for tomorrow. They need to pack for the girls and Nathan's parents promised them to take them on a trip to the forest. They will take the bicycles and take the hiking. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will go to the cliff. Nathan will be home around 6.
Casper, Igor and Alexander are going to the circus instead of the university.
Javier wants to get a tattoo in Warsaw. Judie has not had it done there. Javier will get a tatttoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Michael are going to the hotel on the 15th of August. They will meet at 2 p.m. at the hotel.
Marsha, John and Gavin are going on a week on the beach. Marsha sends a photo of a hotel in Nosy Be to John and Mohammad.
Cyprien is from Loughborouogh, London. He was educated in Loughborouogh. He came from his mother's vagina.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Anna and Charlie will have a pizza tonight. Charlie is still upset about the things that happened.
It's very cold outside. Ovi and Jason are sick. Nadine's clinic is getting lots of sick patients.
Leticia has lost her wallet and she needs help. She will call the bank and block her account.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's.
Terence took Daniel's money.
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out.
Vinny will lend his red Mustang to Willy for a day or so.
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another one. She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. They have to create a video. Jason has bought an app and a script. Lucy has a script.
Michelle and Jared used to go out and Jared doesn't want to ask Kelly out.
Reeve, Booker and Slow are going to the seaside for winter break. They are going to stay at Dominicana's and book a hotel for 3/4 nites.
Alex and Zayna will go for a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey at the party last night. She's excited about graduating soon and she's thinking about applying for grad school.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Dixie needs Jason's phone number. Jair will send Dixie Ty's phone number in a minute.
Amanda has watched parks and rec and she's not a big fan of the woman who plays the main character. Vincent recommends her to her.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry has a broken car and he can't play it now.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. The one on the left is pink. The other one is taffy.
Pat is not a soccer fan. Pat plays football and hockey. Mike and Pat want to meet up one day.
Nate is overbooked for the first day of the party. He has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Enrique is very proud of his Fossils collection. Enrique will bring them to the 4th grade class next semester.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. The temps fall to -3 at night and there is a white ground frost in the morning. Thomas took a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda are meeting at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. They are fed up with Paris and want to see some countrysides. Daniel has to get up before 7.
Breann and Dianne are happy to give Dianne a 10% discount on the new customers.
Hugh will make the base and prepare the pizza before Wanda arrives.
The next ASEEES conference takes place in San Francisco. Chloe hoped for Hawaii but it won't happen too soon. The last conference there in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place.
Jim's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to Finn tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast on Dropbox.
Tommy is in Poland and needs an Android cable to power his power pack. Tommy will call his wife Paulina to borrow one.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday and give him her keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey, Sid and Oona are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will get the tickets.
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge. Greg and Will want to do at least 60 min of activity every day. Anna wants to do more exercises.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to meet at a new bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived and Amanda is on the highway. Lorenzo will take the keys and they will wait for them inside. Lorenzo and Amanda have a nice view on the duomo.
Booker will bring Walker his Xbox console.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne want to spend more time with Laura.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. They want to re-build them but the cost to fix the damage is high. Adam misses them.
Ana and Carlos are going to see Lola Arias' film about the Malvinas at 7 on Saturday. They will grab an uber and go to their place for dinner and drinks.
John sends Henry a picture of his poop. Henry never really feels constipated. John suggests to put the picture on his Tinder profile.
Patricia and James are flying to Japan in a week. Patricia is very scared of earthquakes and tsunamis. James is not worried about the next tsunami.
Linda will throw all perennials from her garden to the compost heap as she won't manage to do any gardening before leaving.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room and was angry. Drade didn't say anything wrong and didn't say anything wrong. She had to talk about it.
Kate broke her arm and the hospital is sending her to the hospital. Greg will call Linda or ask the reception if their medical insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister passed her last exam on her Uni. Charlie and Frank will go out with Charlie tonight.
Bella wants to talk to Clara about dad. Clara won't be back before 7, so she will come to Bella after 7:30 to have a drink. Bella will bring the wine.
Jose and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. Jose is excited to go to Cuba and Amanda is excited to go to Thailand.
Susan and Rob will have dinner tomorrow after work.
Dominique and Denise are going to have a test tomorrow.
Steph and Sharon are going to buy copper lamps.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke his razor.
Patrick is mad at Matt and has changed his number.
Lucy's uncle Sam is in hospital. He just came back from work. Yvonne is dating an Argentinian.
Jack will buy butter and cook a mushroom soup for Thomas.
Helen forgot to take her laptop to work. Debbie will bring Helen her presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday and it's dying. Boston has looked it up and sent her a photo.
John lost his job in Germany and is coming back to London. He got a better offer from an IT company in London. Amber will be renting their flat until they return from Germany. Annie is upset and will stay with Amber until she finds a new job.
Vicky, Audrey, Greg, Michelle, Marty and kids are going to meet at fratellis.
Kaylin has set three alarms for Cynthia.
Keira saw Lois's sister in town the other day. She's worried she might get into trouble.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER at 5:30 pm.
Simon will fetch Helen some tissues after she has finished using the toilet.
There is a blizzard. Tom was a student and he was hiking in the mountains. He and his friends rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy wants to go to a gig with her friends. She wants to go with her besties. Maggie and her friends will come to Lucy's house at 6 pm to pamper themselves before the gig starts at 8.
Rose and Jake will talk about Christmas gifts when they get home.
Jake thinks minimalism is a good idea but Martha thinks it's about spending. Martha and Jake have different priorities when it comes to shopping.
Albert passed the driving exam on his 4th attempt.
Ravi's mother has been suffering from knee pain for 5 years. She has always maintained a healthy lifestyle. Ravi's mother has also had arthritis for the last 5 years. Ravi's mother used to have the same problem.
Lynn is not going to have sex with an old wrinkled guy to pay her bills. She is going to date younger men.
Alice has a flu. She's been home for 10 days and she's got fever and sneezing. She hasn't taken any vaccine.
Someone left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Sandra will bring it over to Marco.
Mum will wrap something for Steve.
Zariah has had a lot of pain in her back recently.
James misses Hannah. She has to get up early for work tomorrow and has plans for tomorrow evening. James will pick her up at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going to Red Lion at 8 tonight.
Victor is busy this Saturday and will not help Sara with the event.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will hit on Wendy soon.
Patricia can't talk now. George will call her in an hour.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian are angry at the new professor who gave students homework for pages 12-16. Lena and Brian are going to meet tomorrow at the philosophy class.
Elvina has never been to the local theatre. Booth was there the other day. Elvina got an invite and didn't know what to wear.
Callum is busy.
Jacob is on his way to meet Emily. He will count to 10 and he will reach the parking lot.
Ella heard that Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. Molly told Chuck no and he made up a story.
Rita and Sally are excited about Borns' new album.
Gloria is too poor to afford her therapy. Amanita advises her to cook more.
Haley found a photo of Bella as a kitten. Bella is 2 weeks old.
Jeff, Peter and Miranda are worried about the global economy.
Alexa asked Ethan to Insult her. She was jealous of Ethan. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann has extra math classes. Ann will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever. She needs to take her to the doctor.
Adam is gossiping about Iga who had to cancel her weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk her group into changing the date of the presentation.
Samuel is a Telugu speaker. He is 35. He is a Thammadu.
Pete wants pear yogurt but Jen doesn't want any other flavour. Pete will look for it and see if they have pear yogurt.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Sophie doesn't know what a fox is. Jenkin is a dolphin. Jenkin will bring Sophie the fox and dolphin.
Daisy has sent Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla are going to Meanwood cafe at 2.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a boring meeting. Louis doesn't know what to buy Lilly and Stephen.
Chris tried jogging today. He is taking pills that slows his heart rate and slows his heart rate. He will try to improve his performance after his long break.
Eric and Dan both liked Punisher season 2. They think Netflix should have given Jigsaw more scars.
Geri and Hilary will go to the mall tomorrow to buy some new shoes.
Jacob and Alex are surprised that top management is coming from France next week. There is a mandatory formal dress code.
Joana will bring two games to Sandy.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink.
John and Matt have practice today.
George is coming to Blake.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk. Steve will tell Rob what he thinks about it.
Martin will buy some milk for Alex.
Jeremih wants Hansel to text his sister. Hansel doesn't want to talk to her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it.
Josh had a lot of friends at his place on New Year's Eve. Emma went to a lot of clubs and went to the seaside. She had her beer jacket on.
Andy is working late until 4 and will be there by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry at Puhleeze for saying that about the forests. They are going to vote him out.
Lydia added him on Facebook. He accepted her invitation. He texted Lydia. Lydia is embarrassed. Camila works in the same company. Lydia and Camila are going to talk to him.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris wants Sarah to amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday, so she can take off based on seniority. Sarah will see Boris's assistant at her earliest convenience.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. They will have a coffee with her.
Alan sent Ruth an email. Ruth didn't have trouble opening it.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Luke sends Gina a PDF file of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping.
Rudi is angry with trump because he said something about a congress woman.
Cole is in the same room as Luis. Luis is not going to pass Cole his pillow.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Andrew Simmons sends a list of people who will not be able to attend the individual meetings tomorrow. Samuel Anderson has an appointment with a doctor. Katherine Jackson won't be able to come because she has a retake. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons's office, room 104.
Rosie is better today, but not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting for her doctor.
Lisa and Mary are going to the aquarium. Frank will transport the Aquarium.
Conor will bring Mario fries from kfc.
Inga has received Ditty's parcel before Christmas. Inga collected a parcel for Ditty.
Damian and Jacob didn't watch the Chelsea game. Higuain scored twice.
Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him at the concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have any cash to buy tickets. Jay will lend Joe the money later.
Robyn exaggerated her last night's alcohol intake. She didn't take drugs.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Darcy is thinking of taking Adam to Egypt.
Gino is going to wear black trousers, black shoes and he will not be wearing white or black shirt. Renee advises him to wear blue trousers, brown shoes and to wear white shirt, black pants and brown shoes.
James will give Richard a ride to the meeting at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there.
Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 tomorrow to go to the movies.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8 to get their freak on.
Anna and Jerry are discussing the fact that we learn a lot of information and get idealistic.
Jacks recommends Robin a poker platform. Jacks made a few bucks on it.
Sergio has prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about him as a great friend and how he's been a great friend over the years. Sergio is nervous about giving the speech.
Edward and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel will be there at 3 pm. Robert quit the office a month ago. Robert wants to catch Gabriel somewhere. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever and she saw the school nurse. Tom will pick her up from her mother's house and take her to her school.
Archie is going to see "Solstafir" on 21.11. Noah would like to go but might have to stay late at work. Leo and Ethan are going to the concert.
Marleen is at Kaiser's and will buy a yellow kerchief for Rita. Barry doesn't have any ideas for a present for Rita. Marleen and Barry will go 50/50.
Johnatan, Lucas and Johnatan are going to have a beer in the evening.
Tricia is going to send Erwin to deliver the cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday tomorrow. Tricia has all decorations, starting with them in the morning after kids go to grandma.
Laura has been swamped and didn't get any replies. Raf forgot to text her back. Laura is at Linate.
Adam is going to take the exam.
Paul will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what happened.
Bob and Nigel liked Felix Laband's concert last night.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan's nephew graduated.
Michael reminds Daniel and Matt to pack their passports.
Ross wants to do karaoke with Chandler tonight. Chandler will record everything.
Poppy and Harry prefer to party. Poppy doesn't like parties. She likes travelling and sightseeing.
Brook wants Gyle to come home and see what happened yesterday.
Milena and Regina's presentation was very good. 3 people came to listen to it. Milena thinks small but interested audience is better than random bored people.
Barbara is home and invites Sean to come over. Sean will bring the dog.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and she has to retake her exams. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs.
Dick and Frank are going to the apartment 32 in building 32. It's the big on with the terrace, around 85 m. Frank has a contractor who does everything. Dick is putting down 10% of his cash for the down payment. Frank will bring a measure.
Mia and Steven will watch a movie at 9 pm and eat Chinese before that.
Marshall can't go out tonight because the money is low. Lilly will come over and they will watch Netflix.
James is out of the team because the coach is annoying.
Priscilla needs the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Stu is not impressed with the software.
Rita needs some info on Helen's client Salvage Industries.
Ginger needs some sugar to make a pie. Phylis is baking a pie.
Anthony and Robert will go for a beer around 9. Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate is still at work.
Jake has just pulled a TOTW. He will try him in one or two matches.
Rosemary and Victoria will record the drums this weekend. Rosemary has a problem with her laptop. Victoria has a tablet but it has 2gb ram. Rosemary will borrow it from someone.
Jordan got a birthday card and money on time. He likes Thomas the Tank engine. Cass wants to buy him a football one.
Jane may be 10 minutes late. She's just passed the supermarket. Alex will be waiting for her. Jane took the file with the xerox copies.
Ken is feeling overwhelmed and burned out.
Phil found Deana's sunglasses in the back of the radio.
Alice's dad is coming for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim's mum is here. Alice has her yoga class at 6:30 and she will be back home after 8.
Jessica is going to ask Ollie the scariest place she's been to.
Maria is working part time at the call centre and she likes her work. Spencer works 16 hours a week at the cafe and the rest of the week at the social media company. Maria earns around \xc2\xa31000 a month.
Tim is inviting some people from his work to a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips on how to organize a game evening.
Richard, Holy and Anne are going to meet at Starbucks after 3 pm tomorrow to start planning out their project. Holy will be back on Monday and he will do some research tonight.
Gurdun is feeling a bit better but he hopes to be back at the uni on Wednesday. Russ had the flu three months ago. Russ won the last match.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video of a prank. Charlie and Oliver are not happy with it.
Mummy and Mike are celebrating Christmas with Thessalia and Mike.
JP doesn't want to play with Samara.
Michael can't come to the office today. He can't leave the office before 8pm. Tom will call Michael tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the EU policy. They discuss Poland's economic situation and the fact that it's an example of an economically delayed country.
Tilly had to go for a detention because she didn't get a text from her parents. She will be home for 40 minutes.
Mell and Gloria are going to have a BBQ on Saturday. Gloria will do the food and Gloria will get dessert.
Whitney and Hailey are going to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is being released.
Jacob got a punchbag and training shoes for Christmas. Jenny got a cooking pot. George likes it.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one.
Katherine will have to ask her dad and get back to Kayla later. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena needs Martin's help with a new desk. She needs it for the weekend. Martin will help her tomorrow. Lorena should be home by 6.
Ralph asked Everett for his phone number. Everett gave Ralph's friend Ralph's number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. He will be tired after work. Diane wants to chill at home. Ross has to work for 3 hours.
Ed tells Matt to take it easy, because sex is for married people.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week at Gaya's studio to discuss the shoot.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, next July. The tickets cost pln 250. Matt and Phil will think about going.
Dan is going to share the food from the BBQ with everyone. Ashley didn't have any food. Dan cooked his own chicken and asparagus. Gerardo removed them from the transaction.
Harper will order a meal from the restaurant and they will stay in for the evening. Camila will watch Ugly Truth with Harper.
May is worried that Harry will be late for his birthday party. He's stuck in traffic in the traffic. Half of the guests is already here. May will wait for them.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart. It's still under warranty. Callan will go to the store to check it out.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick. Patrick will take him to the doctor.
Phil is waiting for Nancy at the shop. Phil is standing in a huge queue. Nancy will make an apple pie for Phil.
Bryan's manager will send Piper the payment tonight.
Pogba scored a goal for Jose.
Sybille is angry because her son couldn't get his flight from Minneapolis to Paris on the 29th. Air France offers her a departure on flight DL140 from Minneapolis to Paris.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book a flight today.
Hans invites Slade to the practice.
Holt is looking for a gift for his sister. He will buy her DVDs or book series.
Georgia is going to parties. Roxana and Summer think Georgia looks great.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. She wants some rest.
Greg is coming for a business trip and will stay for two nights longer in BG. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal and Amir are impressed with Beyonce's tweet.
Alec sends Alexa a link to America's Got Talent. Alexa is impressed with the girl and hopes she will win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money from John's bank. John will go to the bank tomorrow to ask if they can re-send the money to the right account.
James is going to work.
Lilian's mum has been calling Kevin all day asking where she is. Lilian called them and told them she is at Helen's place.
Freddy will sing backing tracks for the school concert on Friday. Simon will send Freddy the attachments on the songs he wants to sing.
Tommy got home safely. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he took a bus. Wayne will send Tommy the pictures in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place to have a beer.
Autumn has not sewn a dress yet. She has checked the tests for a month and the dress wouldn't sew itself. She has shown Israel the whole dress.
Frances is back from the Vosges and has a great view from her sitting room. She had a great week there.
Paula is angry at the game that has hard levels.
Bethany is interested in a job offer for computer investigator.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. Jackie doesn't know if she has any problem with that. Deadrana advises Jackie not to worry about her sister.
Mike and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They are going to share the notes with Mike.
Anna has a stomachache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. She doesn't know what it is. She will see a doctor in ten minutes.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
The woman making a cake has a penis with balls and chocolate hair on it. She is working in the kitchen.
Kirsten wants to put an insurance vote on the ballot. Larry and Kirsten will try to put an extra person in the lobby next year.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Chloe will let her dog out.
Natalie's wallet is in her room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person. Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Martin wants to break up with Nicole but she's not sure if it's a problem.
Mike has an allergy.
David wants to get a new tattoo. Mike will go get one with David.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy some tomatoes and chocolate for the dinner.
Karen got stuck on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter is not leaving until 6. Peter has to finish the presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted Peter to finish the presentation, but Joe did a crappie job last time. Peter will let Karen know if he needs any help.
Matt needs the internet connection for the application. Nick doesn't have it and doesn't watch anything when at home.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week. Baron sends a link to the group.
Mia, Jennifer and Peter are angry at Trump. They want to change the world.
Madison saw a 50% discount for Thailand.
Tina is angry at Demi for suggesting Patrick. Demi suggests that Tina should chill a bit and look for other types. Tina doesn't like men. Demi suggests that Tina should find a different type.
Winnie has broken her leg and she will have to visit Freddie instead.
Mark will get tickets for Clint and Phil to see 'Batman. New Beginning' this Saturday at 7.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom and in the dinign room. He will send Betty a detailed quote for the work on Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Aaron is going to a conference about relations at school. He will give two lectures and a workshop on teamwork. Claire will join him during the breaks.
Rob is selling his flat. He is thinking about having a baby and it's too small for him and Kate. Rob has a two bed flat. He is seeing his friend tomorrow to sell it.
Evan will try to make Ethan come to the function.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. Charlie would like to meet her again but she's going to be there from 1-5 September. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is listening to the same song Kode recommended her. Kode has the same song in his music library for 3 years. Kode will give Adele the whole album in USB.
Leah told Ian that he dumped Leah. Ian doesn't know Claire. Ian will ask Leah if she knows Ian.
Violet is going on vacation and wants to get a Brazilian waxing. Paisley has done this before and it's painful. Violet is scared to go to the salon.
Linda will follow Suzy on Instagram.
John wants to get a last minute trade request sent to Rick. John would like to get Lamar Jackson but he's on waivers. John would like to get a QB but he's afraid he'll be hurt. Rick suggests the rule doesn't work. John might drop the QB rule next year.
Lisa shares a funny story about a diet. Amelia's mum went on it and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie and Alex are going to see Fantastic Beast this weekend.
Emily's favourite colour is Blue.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
Victor and Oliver are happy that their teacher is no longer their teacher.
Pedro and Alex are discussing the abilities of a man.
Marek found a photo of a gay woman on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Mark and Daniel are going to a river bank party tonight. It's supposed to rain so they are going to the casino. Mark will get some predrinks at Daniel's place. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Bart's whole semester has been screwed up. Bart has already screwed up in his economy final. Bart is going to play StarCraft.
Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne didn't buy anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch mad max on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise. Tiffany thinks Sean is haunted.
Susie is happy to be back. Mary sends Henry a photo of the baby.
Patti's cat is fine. She will pick it up later. Patti will come home and fetch the cage at 5.
Kate is at the grocery store and she's buying an apple and tangerines for George.
Sam wants to get the white earphones from Lia. They are available in grey and pink and costs \xc2\xa34. He will lower the price to \xc2\xa3180.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses and bright, red lipstick.
Emilly will bring Kate her blue handbag tomorrow.
Monica has a free usb. Gina will come to Monica's office to get it.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall. He does 25 km everyday and his goal for the summer is 100 km.
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the marvel. Parker has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7 and will text Jason when it's done.
Michael is on a 2-week trip to Brazil and Chile. He's in Boston next weekend. Michael is very tired of travelling and would like to leave London. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Carol got some fruit from her garden and she doesn't know what to do with it. Jacob will pick up the fruits on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly is frustrated with her inability to think. Luca advises her to try harder.
Janette has mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will be there in a few to finish the article.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald will call her when she gets back.
Guido is worried that Agata doesn't understand her posts on Facebook. Agata has just started coding and doesn't complain about her new job.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick Luz up. Luz has told her mum about it.
Sam started playing fifa at 19.
Damian is downtown and wants Ethan to buy him a kebab. Ethan will cook something for Damian and himself.
Adam has just finished packing for his flight. He will be at the airport one hour later. Hannah will prepare something for dinner for Adam.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to fight it and drink orange juice.
Joyce wants Kyle to take the car because the car is making a weird noise. Kyle is running late and is supposed to get Harry by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela bought a box at Ikea.
Susan spent the weekend in a 4-star hotel near the beach. She enjoyed the food, the weather and the seaside. Toby proposed to Melissa.
Olivia is at a party with her granddaughter Linta. Eva is leaving in an hour. Olivia will leave Linta with her and her bag and make a bottle of milk.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa and Hailey are not ok with men grabbing women and grabbing them whenever they feel like it.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Stefano recommends Josie Foucault's Pendulum to read. Josie read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum.
Evan has the flu and has to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow.
Camille and Camille are going to a free concert in the city park tonight around 9 p.m. Camille and Patrick will go later.
Bobby is annoyed with pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. Mickey thinks they're lying to him.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics.
Mark is going to pick Sally up. Sally doesn't feel well and she doesn't want him to do anything.
Joy is going for a run on Friday at 11 am. Sandy will be late. Lina found nice dresses but she thinks too much cleavage. Joy is sorry for Sandy's husband.
Val and Candy are going to wait half an hour for the rain to stop.
Ted kept the plasters until this morning after his shower.
Kyle will call Lily in 10 minutes.
Taylor's parents are away so he's going to the party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house.
Sierra hasn't received the grant yet. Jeremy hasn't checked his bank account. Sierra offers to lend him some money.
Charles is going to visit the German markets this weekend. He will go for sausage and beer. Camilla will try mulled wine.
Pamela will check if she has to be a member of the RGS grant.
Colin is congratulating Ava on her victory over a penguin.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Vaughn got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came to help.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster are going to Asia in July or August. Forster wants to go to the mountains. Perry won the tickets to the cinema. Perry and Janet will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Marlow's.
Lee is scared and confused because he has a client manager who normally wears only hoodies, a suit jacket and a red shirt. He is also confused because he has a meeting with a Russian soldier. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE and got some goodies from it.
Boris will tell Brian to take care of the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry is going to march in Women's strike. Jake and Dave are going to join. Kelly will join them. Barry and Jake will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel got a new siamese and she loves it. Rachel is taking medication and it seems to be working. Rachel doesn't want to get rid of her cat.
Mark's wedding is on the next day. There will be a party at Mark's house. Matthew and Bart are going.
Russel and Diana are going to buy Russel a present for his mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neil and Penny haven't talked to her and they want to meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4. They will go to some bar. Rachel is worried they won't like her.
Robert is not in town.
Dorothea has birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town.
Jules is not happy with the fact that she has a class tomorrow.
Ainsley is sick and can't help Jane with the thesis.
Lydia is showing her legs at the gym.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He is going to a club with his friends for Halloween. Amka doesn't want to dress up. Mick's grandma is ill and he has no plans for Halloween. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween.
Karine sends Jessie a video of them at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't bought the dress yet.
Fiona is in love with Conrad. Fiona is 5 years younger than him. Fiona is in love with Conrad. Fiona will tell her boss.
There is a lot of money involved in Kongo. John and Alice are not positive about it.
Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th of December at 10:00. If Evans is not in town, they will meet on the 14th. If Evans is not in town, they will meet on the 14th.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne needs to tell him something.
Iris has an interview for her husband. Pete is going to be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. She needs to add Juls to the group. Ken, Luke and Gerardo will add Juls to the expense.
Ola should be free by 8. Kurt will call Ola.
Conny has to write a paper about the paper Fitz told him to write for next week. He did most of his research on the internet.
Louis thinks Melanie looks hotter with cury hair than with cury hair.
Cindy thinks she asked him.
Kirsten is going bowling with Alex this Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't know if he likes her. He's shy and he's looking at Cathy when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about a lion tamer. She had a lot of fun. Jess believes that dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles has gluten intolerance. Monica has the same problem. She stopped eating gluten and she's feeling better now. Karen advises to stop eating gluten and to check the symptoms.
Ulysses and Peter got an A. Julia checks her grades online.
Andrew got his mouth dry after a polish joke.
Linda missed the train and she missed the next one. It was 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam.
Martha wants to buy similar lenses from Crazy Lenses.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mum. She's on a flower market and she doesn't know which flowers she likes. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim is running late. Gary will come to the main presentation about twenty past.
Anna will call Mark to pick him from the airport on Thursday at 3. Marcus has a meeting at 1 and he can't make it. Leslie will call Mark to give him his number.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. She has contact with her within the last couple of days. Joanna will try to do the vaccinations before work on 18th.
Thelma has no clothes to wear. Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg. Meg needs 5 minutes more, because she has lost her key somewhere.
Ben is online today. He thinks an internet place is looking for programmers. Kim will give him a call.
Stan Lee is dead.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix advise her to calm down.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 flights affecting 400,000 more passengers. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet.
Rachel's aunt had an accident. She's fine but she's in hospital. Some man was caught and he will pay for the rehabilitation. Rachel will give Jessica a hug.
Monica got drunk and friendly with Ross at an office party two months ago. Monica is pregnant.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He will be out there tomorrow at 2:22 pm.
Benjamin couldn't attend the basketball game on Friday night because his mom is sick. Benjamin's team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend.
The audition starts at 7:30 P.M. at Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent a gif to Agnieszka and Weronika.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham. About 8000 people came for him. The media were not impressed.
Rachel has sent Janice the list of the 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched all 50 and her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2.